Hello Werner how may I help you today?
Sure I can help you with that? Could you please provide me with your new address?
Let me update that information on our system
OK Wernzio, I have updated your address to the system
Ok let me go ahead and request a work order for a new installation. Give me a moment...
OK a installation order has been places. Seems the earilest we will be able to help you  is from the 20th February onwards
does that suite you?
good, I have scheduled. A operator will be contacted you one day prior to lock down a time slot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day Wernzio
Hey Wernzio, What problems are you experiencing?
Interesting, let me quickly have a look what the status for your neighborhood is.
Give me a moment
It seems currently we are experiencing technical problems in near your vicinity.
We have sent out a technician and expect to have the problem resolved within the next 30min. I am sorry for the inconveniences.
Give or take a few minutes. If you wish to check in later what the status is just contact us again.
Can I assist you with anything else?
In that case have a good night further Wernzio.
Hey Snoopy, I am able to help you
Could you please specify you address?
Great let me input that into the system,  I will also order create a new installation request at that location...
give me one moment
OK Snoopy, you address has been updated. I have also created a new installation ticket. The earliest we can help you is 20 February at 15:00. Does this suite you?
Great snoopy, I have created the ticket. A operator will contact you a day before the time to verfiy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, Snoopy. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further!
Hello snoopy, how may I help you?
I am sorry to hear that. Let me look on the system if there are any notification regarding the area close to where you live.
One moment
Snoopy, it seems we are currently experiencing technical problems. We have however dispatched a technician to resolve this problem.
We apologies for this inconvenience, the technician just got back to us and says the problem should be resolved in 30min.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hello Jason, i can help you with that. Could you please specify you new address?
OK let me just add that to the system give me a moment.
OK Jason, your new address has been inputted. Would you like me to transfer your service to that address also?
That is no problem, let me schedule and installation appointment.
OK Jason, an appointment has been scheduled, the earliest we are able to help is Thursday the 19 Feb at 15:00. Does this suite you?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, in that case have a good day further.
test
hello werner how are things going ?\
Hey John, I can help you with that. Could you please give me your new address?
let me input that into the system. Give me one moment.
OK John, your address has been updated. The earliest available appointment is, Friday morning the 20th Feb. At 10:00am.
Does this time suite you?
OK John, I have confirmed the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good, thank for your time. Was a pleasure helping you.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me quickly pull up the system information for your area
A it seems there is a service outage reported. I also see we have dispatched a technician.
Let me contact to find an estimated time on completion
OK John, I have just gotten off the phone with the technician and he mentioned that it was only a minor glitch. He should have service back up and running by 30min.
Is that fine ?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Great in that case have a good day further John
Hello werner, How may I assist you today?
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me quickly try and pull up your information, one moment please
I see you purchase two sets of ticket to watch goldfish? However you mention you only intended to purchase 1 set?
OK, what I will do is issue a refund on the one set of tickets. I will however have to void the second set of tickets, which you did not intend on buying.
OK Wernzio, I have voided you second set of tickets. The tickets ending with numbers 1238 will no longer be valid.
I have also issued a refund to the credit card that you used to purchase the tickets
The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well in that case, thank for contacting us. It was a pleasure helping you and thanks for choosing ACME as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Hello Olyvia, I can help you with that
Could you please specify your new address?
Give me one moment while I input that into the system.
OK I have updated your information.\
Let me create a new work order for the installation.
I have requested a new work order. According to the system the earliest a technician will be able to come to do the installation is on Friday the 20 Feb
does this time suite you?
It would be in the afternoon
Hello Olyvia
would friday afternoon, the 20 February work for you?
Are you having problems seeing my messages?
Olyvia, are you experiencing any problem reading or seeing my messages?
Great, thank for the feedback:) I will add that to  bugs which required fixing.
I have scheduled, the installation.
anything else I can help you with?
Great in that case have a good day further.
Hello Olyvia, I am sorry to hear that. What problems are you experiencing?
I am sorry about that. Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
in that case let me, have a look on the system if we have any technical issues reported around your region.
It seems there is currently a technical issue that have been reported. We have sent out a technician and I see on the system he estimates it will take 30min to resolve the problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great Olyvia, it was a pleasure helping you. Thanks for using ACME. Hope to have you watching TV soon again.
Hey there Olyvia, let me look into this.
I see on the system you were billed twice for a set of Goldfish ticket. Is this correct?
For official reason I just need to ensure that you did not with to received two sets of tickets
In the case what I will do is refund your credit card which you used to do the purchase, give me one moment while I authorize this.
OK Olyvia, I have refund your credit card. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hello Kris, I am able to assist you with this. Could you please specify your new address?
Great I will input that into the system and check availability of our technicians
You address has been updated, it seems the earliest we can help you currently is Monday the 23rd of February
in the afternoon
So that will in a time between 13:00 - 17:00, will there be somebody present at that time?
Great in that case. I will just confirm the work order. While I do that is there anything else I can assist you with?
I have confirmed your installation request.
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further
Hey there Kris, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
I am assuming it did not resolve the problem. How long have you been experiencing this problem?
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up the status report for your area...
Ahh, I see we experienced a technical failure of the routing system close to your apartment. Good news tho, we have send out a technician and he has report the problem should be fixed within the next hour.
I hope it is not of too much inconvenience, luckily it is not super bowl:)
Is the anything else I can assist you with? Would you like me to add your number to a list which will be notified when service is resumed?
OK Kris, in that case have a great day. I hope you will be watching TV again in no time.
Let me look into this for you. Give me a moment.
I see your credit card was charged twice. According to the system they also issued you two sets of tickets. From my understanding this was unintentional?
What I will need to do it revoke the second set of tickets and authorize a refund. Will it be fine if I refund it to the credit card you used to make the purchase?
Ok, let me quickly do this for you.
I am first gonna revoke you tickets, I am revoking the tickets ending with serial number 1234
The tickets ending with 8320 are now the only valid tickets
Ok I have also authorize the refund. The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within 2 working days.
is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, enjoy the Goldfish show. Thanks for choosing AMCE as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Hey There Kevin. Let me help you with this problem.
Pulling up your records, I see according two the system you purchased two sets of Goldfish tickets?
However from what I am understanding this was non intented?
I am sorry for this. Must a technical issue on our side. Let me resolve this for you. I will refund you for the second transaction.
Can we issue the refund to the same credit card you used to purchase the ticket?
Great, let me quickly authorize the refund for you.
OK Kevin the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great Kevin. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further...
Sure, Kevin. Let me assist you.
Have you tried restarting the whole system?
OK, in that case let me look if we have any reported technical issues reported around your area.
It seem you are the first person to report this problem. Let me quickly log this as a technical problem.
When did the service stop working ?
I have logged the technical issue and will send out a technician as soon as possible. From my end it seems one of the exchanges around your building is down.
This typically take up to 2 hours to fix. I am sorry for this inconvenience.
Great, thank for being understanding. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK Kevin, was pleasure assisting you. Please be sure to contact us again if the issue is not resolved soon.
Have a great day
Sure Kevin, thanks for notifying us of change of address. I will be able to help you with both asks.
Could you please give me your new address?
Ok Kevin, I have updated your address. Regarding that cable installation, I see the earliest a technician can help you is next week Wednesday the 25 Feb
in the afternoon
The installation would take place between 15:00 and 17:00, is that fine?
Will there be somebody at home during that time?
Great, let me confirm that on the system.
OK done, the installation request is booked. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK Kevin, enjoy moving into your new apartment and hope it feels like home soon:)
have a good day further.
Hello?
?
hello werner?
I can help you with that. What problems are you experiencing?
hello there?
I see that we have not updated you address in a while. Could you please provide me with your address?
Great give me a moment while I update the system with your information
I have updated you address to the system
Now that I have updated let me look if your address is serviceable.
Seems we have serviced that address and we will be able to help you. However it is required that send out a technician to ensure everything is working at the exchange
Seems the earliest which a technician will be able to help you is this coming Friday?  Between 1-5 PM.
Does this time suite you ? Will there be someone present at the house?
Great so can I book the appointment then?
Great:)
Appointment is booked
There anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
Hello?
hello?
Hello werner
blha
Hello werner
Sorry I will be taking over this
blah
hello
Hello wernzio 2
Hello Wernzio, how may I help you today?
Hey there Clark. I can help you with this
Looking on the system I see there is indeed two transactions.
What I can do is refund you for the second transaction.
OK I have refunded the card ending with 9822
is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Have a great day further.
Hey Jermany, I can help you with this
could you please provide me with your new address?
OK give a moment while I enter that into the system
Ok your contact details have been updated. Let me look if we have serviced you new address before.
Ah, great news we can service that address, I will just need to schedule for a technician to come install the new cabling.
The earliest he will be able to help you is this friday afternoon between 2-5pm
Does this time suite you?
Weill someone be home that time?
OK Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Clark, I can assist you with this
Could you provide me with your new address?
Great U have added this to the database.
let me schedule a new appoint for you also
earliest I can help is friday afternoon between 2-5
does this suite you?
great. I have scheduled it. anything else I can help you with?
Thanks you too, have a great day.
Hey jeramey, Sorry to hear about this I can help you
when did this problem start?
Have you tried restarting your system?
Jeramey?
I will look at what the system status says quickly...
I see they have reported a technical problem, we have send out a technician.
The current status is that the problem should be resolved within 25mins, does this suite you?
great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further and thank you for using ACME
Hey there
What part are you struggling to understand?
Well it is a basic excersise, pick a topic, imagine you getting that pronblem and then describe it to me
Hey Jose, there is a list of problem provided at the bottom of the instructions
could you please read those and use them as the baseline?
Hey there Jose, I can help you with that
could you please provide me with your new address?
OK I will add that into the system. One moment
OK Jose, I have added that to the system. I see we have serviced that address before.
I shall order an installation, the earliest we can help you is friday between 2-5pm
does this suite you? Will someone be home during that time?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tanks you
Sure, let me try and help you.
When did this problem begin?
Thanks you for the information, let me look at the system status to determine if something has been reported.
I see a technician reported a outage around that time.
They are currently trying to resolve the problem. On the system it says it should be done within 25min.
Is that acceptable?
Yes if 25min pass, contact me again and I will look into the problem again. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
Hello
Sorry we were experiencing a technical proble
sure I can assist you with this. let me look on the system
I see on the system there were two charges, let me refund the last transaction, Give me a moment
OK I have refunded the last transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, and really thanks for the patients.
Have a great day further
I can help you with this. When did the problem begin?
OK let me look on the system quickly what could have caused it
I see there was a technical error reported. We have sent out a technician
The technician was sent out to the exchange. He is currently resolving the issue. The ETA is 25min
Thank you for you time and I apologies for the problem
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
Hey Samual, I can help you with this. Could you please give me the details of your new address?
Zip code?
Great let me quickly add that to the system
I have added you address
I have also looked up and see we can serve that addres
let me schedule an appointment for you. How does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
Great just to verify, someone will be present at that time?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
I can assist you with this
Let me quickly look on the system
Great located them. I see two transaction were made. Let me refund you for the last transaction
one moment please
Great, I have refunded your credit card
the balance should be visible within two working days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Sure, let me quickly look on the system.
I will try and help you
Looking on the system it seems a technical problem was reported
We have sent out a technician to resolve the problem. The current ETA is 45min till it is fixed
I apologize for the inconvenience
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hey Samuel, I can assist you with that.
Let me quickly look on the system
I see we did double charge you. I am sorry for that
I have refunded the second transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Hey Jeff, you are currently speaking to a representative from ACME
I can help you solve your problem
Hello
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Great is that an appartment or a house?
Could you provide the apartment number also?
Great, give me one second while I input that into the system
I have updated your address, the system informs me that we have serviced that address before. So I will just need to contact a technician to install the cabling
The earliest we can help you is unfortunately only Monday.
It would be in the morning between 9-12am
does this suit you?
Great so someone will be present at that time?
Thanks you for confirming that. I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting ACME. Hope you have a great day further.
Hello Jeff, let me investigate.
Looking at the system it seem we did double charge your credit card. I apologize for that. Let me authorize a refund
One moment please
I have authorized the refund, you should see the balance on your credit card within two days
just to clarify it is the same card you used to make the purchase
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Im that case, have a good day further. Was a pleasure helping you
Hey Blake, let me try and assist you
when did this problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your system?
Let me look if there are any reported technical problems, one moment please
Ah, I see there was a technical issue reported around your area. We currently have technician at your location. If you would like I could try contacting them to get an ETA?
One moment please
Just got off the phone with the technician, He says the problem should be resolved within the next hour. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Would you like us to notify you via sms when the service is up and running again?
OK you cellphone number has been added to the list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great you too. Was a pleasure helping you
Hello Jeff, Let me try and assist you.
I assume you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me look if there are any reported technical issues
It seems there is a reported technical issue. We currently have staff attending to the problem.
I can try and call them them to get and estimate of how long they will take.
No, it seems everybody in your area is experiencing this problem
I just got off the phone, seems it will still take 2hours.
I hope it is a really good book. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and thank you for choosing ACME
He Blake, I can assist you with all of this.
Firstly could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Great, is there an apartment number of is this a house?
Let me update the system and see if we service your new apartment.
I have updated your address, additionally we do service that flat.
What I can do is schedule an appointment for you. Seems the earliest we can help you is this coming Friday. In the afternoon
between 2-5pm
Will there be somebody present at the apartment?
Great, I have locked down the time. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further
Hey Blake, let me look what the system says.
Ah, I see you are correct. I apologize for this. Let me quickly authorize the refund.
OK done, the refund has been authorized. You should see the balance visible within the next two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and enjoy the U2 concert
have a great day further
Hello Kat, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
One moment while I insert that into the system and check if we are able to service that address.
You address has been updated, it seems we have serviced that address before.
Seems the earliest which a technician can be sent out is next week Tuesday. Does this time suit you?
Great the technician will be arriving between 2-5pm, will someone be home at this time?
I have scheduled the appointment, your should receive an email soon confirming the details.
Is there anything else can assist you with?
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hello Kat, let me try and assist you.
When did this problem begin?
I am assuming you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me then look if we have any reported technical issues.
It seems we have a reported technical issue and have dispatched staff to resolve he problem.
If you would like I can contact them to see how long they expect to take
One moment while I call them.
Seems the current ETA is 45min.
I hope that does not inconvenience you too much?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case, have a great day Kat.
Hello Kevin, I can assist you with this.
Let give me one moment while I look on the system if we have any reported technical issues.
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me look if our system is able to make contact with your system. One moment please
That is strange, it seems the signal does not connect passed the exchange.
I am gonna need to log this as a technical issue and send out staff to try and fix this
give me one moment while I create the issue
That is not required. The problem is on our exchange.
I have ordered our staff to go have a look what the problem is
The should be there with in the next hour. I am estimating your will be without service for 3 hours or so.
I hope this is ok?
What I can do is add your mobile number to the list of customer which will be notified when the service is working again
would you like that ?
You number has been added to the list.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and thank you for using ACME.
Hey John, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Could you please provide me with the zip code and if it is an apartment the apartment number also?
Great one moment while I insert this into the system
OK I have entered your new address into the system. I see we have serviced that building before.
Let me try and schedule an appointment.
Seems the first available appointment is between 2-5pm
on friday
will somebody be present at this time?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment. You should receive an email with the details
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further. Was a pleasure helping you.
I apologize for this. Let me look into this for you
O I see now, we did indeed double change you. I will need to authorize the refund.
The refund will be made to the same credit card you used for purchasing the ticket
is this ok?
Great, I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hey Kevin, I can assist you.
Let me just quickly pull up your records.
OK, it seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I apologize.
I will need to authorize a refund. The refund will be made to the same credit card you used to make the purchase
is that fine?
Ok, I have authorized the refund. You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Kevin, I can help you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address?
Is this an apartment our a house?
Could you please provide the apartment number also?
Great, let me insert that into the system and check if we can service that address.
OK your address has been updated. Seems the earliest appointment I can make is for next week Wednesday.
in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
will somebody be present?
Great. I have confirmed your installation order.
You should be receiving an email with more details soon. Is there anything else I can help you with
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further
Hey John, let me try and assist you
when did this problem start?
I assume you have tried restarting the system
Could you please try doing so and inform me if that solved the problem?
That is great to hear.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hey John, let me look into this for you.
I am assuming you referring tot the U2 concert? It seems we charged you the correct amount. However it seems on the system you made the purchase twice?
was this intentional?
OK so what I can do is authorize a refund for the second transaction.
The refund will be done to the same card you used to make the purchase.
OK one moment while I do this.
Ok, I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
Hello shannon
I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Great, on moment while I insert this into the system
I have inserted this address. However it seems we have not serviced this address before. I will need to send out an inspector before I am able to send out an installation technician
This process takes typical 2-5 days to complete
Should we be able to service you we will contact you. Could you please just verify your mobile number?
I have added your mobile number to the system, thank you
I do apologize, we will contact you as soon as we are sure we can service that address. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK, in that case. Have a great day further.
Hey Jeramey, I can assist you
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Could you please also provide me with your zip code and apartment number if required?
Ah great let me insert this into our system.
I have done do. Looking currently what is the earliest I can make an appointment for
Seems the earliest we can assist you is friday
afternoon between 2-5pm
does this suite you?
Great.
I have scheduled the appointment.
ah great. Have a great day further.
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Ah, great. One moment while I insert this into the system.
OK you address has been inserted. It seem we have not serviced this address before.
I will need to send out an inspector to verify that we can service this address before I am able to send out someone to make an installation
the inspection process takes typically 2-5 days. I have looked and seems have serviced  houses around that address
could you please just verify you address again?
You said it was: 329 sw road street, Gainesville, florida, 33245
is that correct?
Ok, this address is definitely not on the system. Could you please provide me with your mobile number so that I can contact you when we have completed the inspection?
OK I have added your mobile number.
Once the inspection is complete we will contact you.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you.
Hey Jeramey. let me look what I can do.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?\
OK, looking at your address and on the system it seems we have no technical issues reported.  I am gonna need to create a new support ticket
When did this problem begin?
O wait, I see now.. We do have a technical issue reported this morning,
We have a technician on site actually.  Let me contact him to see how long he will take
Ok the technician says the problem should be solved within 15min
Sorry for not seeing this earlier.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up you information and see if I can assist you.
Looking at the system, it seem you are correct. We double charged you
I will need to authorize a refund.
A refund will be made to your credit card which you used to purchase the tickets.
One moment while I authorize it
OK i have done this. You should see the balance on your account within two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case have a great day further.
O dear, I am sorry to hear.
Let me see what I can do
When did this problem begin?
OK let me look for technical issued reported around that time. One moment please
There seems to be no technical issues reported
have you tried restarting your system?
Funny, let me perform a network test from my side. Once moment while it runs
It seem the error is between your apartment and the exchange.
I will need to create a new support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Will you be around the apartment after today?
Great. I have created a ticket. A technician should contact you within the next hour to confirm a time.
I apologize for this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great
Hey Jeramey, let me look what  I can do...
give me a moment while I pull up your iniormation
Could you please specify which concert ticket these are? It seem you have 3 up coming concerts
Ah, thank got it. I see we did charge you twice. I will need to authorize a refund for the second transaction
once moment while I do this
I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time
have a good day further
Hey Shannon, when did this problem begin?
Ok, let me look if we have any technical issues reported.
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Let me test your connection quickly.
It seem the problem is between your apartment and the exchange.
I am gonna need to send out a technician to see what the problem could be
Will you be around later today?
Great. I will schedule a technician to come out and look if he can resolve the problem.
It will be most likely between 4-5pm this afternoon
is this fine?
Awesome, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this problem.
one moment while I pull up your information
It seems you have a few up coming concert, which ticket are you referring to?
Thank you, let me have a look
ah... I see you have been double charged
I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
OK Jose, the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey RJ, I can assist you with this.
Could you please firstly provide me with your new address?
could you also provide me with the apartment number?
Great let me insert that into the account?
OK I have updated the account information. I have also looked and we do service that address
Seems the earliest I can schedule a new installation is next week monday
it will be in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
Great. I assume then someone will be present at the apartment?
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further RJ
Sure thing RJ, let me try and assist you.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
OK, in that case let me look on the system if we have any technical issues reported
Ok I see, there is an outage of service reported around your address
We currently have staff attending to the problem. Would you like me to contact them to see how long they will still be?
I just got off the phone.
They say the ETA is 25min.
is that acceptable?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey RJ, Let me try and assist you with this.
which concert is this for?
OK great, one moment while I look what is going on
It seems we did make a double charge, I am sorry.
I will need to authorize a refund on the second transaction
Ok the refund has been authorized, the balance should be visible within 2 working days.
is there anything else I can assist you with/
IN that case, have a great day further.
Hey Tori, I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Could you please provide me with the zip code and apartment number also?
Great Let me input that into the system
I have updated your address
I see we can service you new address also. Let me schedule an installtion
The earliest we can help you is this coming Friday, afternoon between 2-5pm
does this time suit you?
I assume this means you will be present during this time?
Great, the appointment is scheduled. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hey Tori, let me investigate this quickly. For which show are these tickets?
OK, one moment while I look
I see you are correct, we did double charge you. I will refund your second transaction
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 working days
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
In that case have a great day.
Sure thing Tori.
Have you tried to restart the system?
Let me quickly see if we have any reported outages in your region
It seems there are reported outages in your vicinity. Let me try and contact the staff attending to the problem, to see how much long they estimate it will take
Just got off the phone, seems it will take 25min still
is that acceptable ?
is there anything else I can help you with?
OK thanks. Have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I can assist you with that. Could you please provide me with your new residence address?
City and zip code?
let me update the system and see if we can service this address
OK I have updated your information and We do service you new address
The earliest we are able to send out an technician to make the installation is next week Tuesday.
It is in the afternoon, between 2-5 PM
Will somebody be home during this time?
Great I have confirmed the installation. You should be receiving an email with the details shortly
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case hope you have a great day further
O dear, I am sorry to hear that Jack. Let me see what I can do to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Yes, better will be to unplug the system from the wall and just reinsert it
That is good news.
Sometimes the system goes out of sync.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
O dear, let me look into this. Was the tickers purchased under your name?
Great let me quickly investigate
Seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
I have authorize the refund. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Jame I am sorry
I can help you with this
Please provide me with your new address
Could you please provide your zip code and apartment number also?
I have entered this into the system. It seems we are also able to service this address.
I will go ahead and schedule a new installation.
the earliest that the technician can come out is next week Thursday.
It will be in the morning between 9-12a,
am*
will somebody be present?
Great. I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, enjoy your day.
Hey James, I will try and assist your with this problem
When did this issue begin?
OK let me quickly look on the system if there are any reported technical issues.
Ok it seems there is a technical issue reported. We have staff current resolving the problem.
According to the system it should be fixed within 35min
If it is not working within 35-50min feel free to contact me again
Can I assist you with anything else?
In that case, thank you for your day. Have a good day further.
Hey James, Let me investigate. For which show is this ?
OK, let me quickly just verify, Ah got it. It seem you are correct, there are two transaction with the same value.
Let me refund you for the second transaction.
One moment please
OK James, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible in your account within the next two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
James?
Great, in That case have a great day further.
Hey
I believe we are done?
Are you not seeing message once you send them?
You are welcome to sumit your HIT
Hello james?
Hey Jose, let me help you.
I see you order the oak deluxe dining table?
However you are saying this is not the table you received?
That is definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please look on the delivery box if this was not maybe a mistake made by fedex?
I am more than happy to replace the table for you. I am just trying to establish if someone else did not receive your table.
Thank you for confirming that. I do apologies. What I will do is schedule for a pickup of that table and send the new table right away. What time suits you for the pickup?
Ok so can I schedule for pick up to occur at 6:30, tomorrow?
Great let me do schedule this quickly... one moment.
Ok jose, Fedex will come collect the table tomorrow at 6:30.
I have also just issued the order to send your new oak dinning table.
I do apologize. You new table will be arriving Friday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you Jose, for contacting us. It was pleasure helping you
have a good night further
Hello Tiffanie. It would be my pleasure to help you.
Let me quickly look, it seems you ordered the oak dining table? Is that correct?
Could you either describe the table which arrived or read me the barcode?
O dear, could please verify that the address on the box is meant for you? I would just like to ensure it was not a mistake made by fedex
Thank you Tiffanie. I am sorry for the inconvenience. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that desk and send the one you wanted right over
what time suite you for the pickup order?
I will schedule the pickup order Friday at 2 pm?
Then at the same time we will deliver your new table.
Does this suite you?
Great, everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am willing to help you solve this problem.
Looking on the system I see you ordered the oak dinning table?
However you say this is not the table you received?
I am sorry to hear this. Seems the system must be wrong.
So you wanted the cafe table? give me one second while I check stocks
ah, great we have stock available. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that table and send you the proper table.
I do apologize for this mistake.
What time can I schedule for the pickup?
OK I will schedule the pickup to occur Friday at 3:30PM? We will deliver your new desk at the same time.
I do appologise
OK everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. have a great night further.
Sorry Jose, let me look into this for you.
Ah, it seem your last month payment was declined.
If you would like I can try and redo the payment order?
We do have the info on record one moment while I try to process it again
Ah, I see the payment went through. I am truly sorry for this. Did you not receive an email or sms regarding this matter?
OK I have activated notification so that next time you will get a warning
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Hey Jack. Let me assist you.
Looking at your information. It seem the last payment was declined by the bank
What I can do is try to make the payment again?
One moment while the payment gets proccessed
OK great the payment went through, I have requested that you account be activated. This typically takes 15min
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
have a good day further
Hey Tiffanie. Let me have a look what I can do.
Wow, Tiffanie you were not joking when you said you were a loyal customer. You have been with use for a very long time
I am truly sorry about this.
It seem you physical address was also changed?
It seems so. Normally we have a no refund policy. But seeing how loyal you are I will have to speak to my supervisor quickly
OK my supervisor says, he is willing to make the refund.
However we gonna need to force a password reset.
One moment while I authorized the forced reset.
OK you should have received the reset email. Please be sure to reset your password.
Additionally ensure the password is sufficiently difficult to brute force
OK I have authorized the refund now, the balance should be visible within two working days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem. Was a pleasure helping you
have a great night further.
Hey Jose, let me look what I can do.
Typically we have a no refund policy, but lets have a look
Wow you are a really loyal customer. I see you have been with us for years
Let me quickly speak to my supervisor and see what I can do
Seem the supervisor is happy that we make the refund as a once off courtesy
But before we do that We gonna need to force a password reset
Will you be able to make the rest now ?
Great. You should have an email with the instructions. Ensure that the password you select this time is hard to crack
OK I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
You too. Have a good night further.
Hello Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me quickly pull up your records...
Firstly thanks for you loyal support over the past years.
Typically we have a zero refund policy, but I believe we can make an exception for you
one moment while I contact my supervisor to confirm
OK the supervisor agrees that we are willing to make the refund as a once off courtesy
One moment while I do authorize the refund.
Ok all transaction over the past two weeks have been refunded to your account.
Great, however as is company protocol, I need to force another reset
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Ok I have made the force reset. You should receive an email with instructions
Is there anything else I can assist you with.
thank you or supporting ACME food ordering. Your number one food ordering service
have a good night further.
Sure Tiffanie, let me quickly pull up your records and have a look
I see on the record the last payment was declined by the bank?
were you aware of this?
What I can try and do is rebill you?
Would you like to do this?
If the payment goes through you account should be up and running within 15min.
Shall I try it?
Ok one moment
Great news the payment went through.
You account will be active within 15min. Could I take the time to suggest we activate payment notifications ?
Encase this happens again you will be notified before we stop the service
Great, I will do so now.
OK Tiffanie. I believer everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further.
Hey Sam, Let me help you with this.
Puling up your information, I see you ordered the oak dinning table? Is this correct?
Could you please describe the table you received, additionally could you please ensure the table was send to the correct address?
OK I do apologize for this. What  I can do is schedule for a pickup of the deck and send out the new desk ASAP.
For the pickup order what time will suite you?
Ok let me schedule the pickup order for Friday at 4 pm. At this time we should be able to deliver your correct desk also.
Does this suite you?
OK, everything seems in order. They will pick up and deliver your desk on Friday.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good night further.
Hey Jeff, Let me have a look what I can do.
How did you lose $100 and when did this hacking occur?
I am terribly sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do.
I have your records in front of me.
Wow, you are a loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe we can make an exception for you.
Let me quickly check with my supervisor
OK my supervisory is happy to make this a once off exception
We are willing to make the $100 refund to your credit card.
However we will need to force a password reset, additionally you will be required to ensure you address is updated
Great, give me one moment while I do this.
OK I have done the reset. You should receive an email with instructions.
I have also authorized your refund, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
When you select you password, ensure you make the password difficult to crack. Additionally I would recommend putting a  pin on the app
Would you like me to help you with doing this? Or will you be able to do it self?
Great. Have a great day further and once again thank you for being such a loyal customer
Hey Sam, let me look into this for you.
ah... it seems on the information in front of me that the previous payment was declined by the bank. Where you not notified of this?
I am so sorry. What I can do to resolve this problem quickly os try and make a re-bill
Do you have sufficent money in that account currently?
Great, let me authorize the re-bill
OK, I believe everything is in order? Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hey Gi. Just to clarify, what do you mean by the wrong one arrived?
O dear, could you please describe the table to me? I see on the stytem you should have received a cherry dinning table?
OK that id definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please verify that the delivery details on the table is yours?
I would just want to make sure Fedex did not make a mistake
OK that means it must be out mistake.
What I will need to do is issue a pickup order and then get the correct table delievered
When can I schedule a pick up order for?
Seeing that it is 8:35pm currently could we maybe schedule it for tomorrow?
OK great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Your new table will also be delivered between 2-5 on friday.
Great.I believe everything is in order
is there antying else I can assist you with?
s there antying else I can assist you with?
in that case have a great day further
Hey Sam, generally we have a no refund policy. But let me look into this for you
Give me one moment
OK it seem you are a very very loyal customer. I believe we can make an exception for you. I will just need to check with my supervisor
Great, he agrees we can schedule the refund. I will just need to force a password reset. This is company policies
OK you should receive an email with the details.
I have also authorized the refund. The balance should be available within the next two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great night further.
Hey Jeramey, let me try and assist you.
I see on the record you ordered a oak dinning table? Is this no the table your received?
O dear, I am sorry. Could you please verify that the address is indeed yours on the box?
I am happy to replace the table, I would just want to ensure it is not a fedex mistake
OK I will need to schedule a pickup order and have the correct table delivered to you.
what time suites you?
Seems we will only be able to do this 9am on Friday. Is this acceptable?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
They will also deliver your new table Friday Afternoon.
Is this fine?
Great, I believe everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Same goes for you.
Hey Jeff, I am sorry to hear that. Let me try and assist you.
Let me pull up the records and have a look. Give me a moment please
OK it seems the last payment was declined by the bank. You mentioned you had no notice?
That is not ideal.
What I can do is try and make a rebill to your account, do you have sufficient funds available, currently ?
Great. one moment while I authorize the payment.
OK I have authorized the payment
your service should return within 15min
is there anthing else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further Jeff
was a pleasure helping you.
Hello blake
I can assist you with this problem
I see on the system you ordered a oak dining table. IS this not the table you received?
OK, that is definitely not the correct table. Could you please verify that the delivery address is correct?
OK, it seems the mistake was on out end. No problem. Let me schedule a  pickup order
and I will also send your new table out to you ASAP.
What day will suite you for the pickup order?
OK Thursday afternoon?
OK one moment while I order the pickup
OK, I have scheduled the pickup order you delivery should be at the same time.
I believe everything is in order
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a good night further.
I am sorry to hear this. Let me look into this for you
It seem the last payment was declined by your bank?
What I can do is make a re-bill? Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
OK one moment while I do this.
OK I have scheduled the re-bill and it seems to have gone through.
Your account should be active within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day further
Hey GI. Let me look what I can do to help you
Pulling up your records
OK it seems the previous payment was declined by your bank.
With message insufficient funds.
What I can do is try and order a re-bill?
OK the payment went through this time.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Jeff, sorry for this mistake. Let me try and help you
OK, what I can do is schedule a pickup order and have your correct table delievered to you
what dateand time will work for the pickup order?
Jeff?
Hey Jeff
Great, I will order the pickup For Friday afternoon between 2-5PM. We will also be able to deliver your new table at that time
Do not worry about distractions
Great, I believe we are sorted then. Have a good day further.
Hey Jeramey, Generally we have a no refund policy. But let me investigate this a bit further
Pulling up your records, I see you have been a customer for a while now
I think we might make an exception in this case. One moment while I speak with my supervisor
Ok my supervisor agrees that out of courtesy we will issue you a refund.
I will need to force a password reset tho
OK I have forced the password reset. You should receive an email with the details.
One moment while I authorize the refund.
OK the refund has been made. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case have a great day further. Was pleasure helping you
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear this. Let me try and help you
Pulling up your records.
I see the previous payment order was declined by the bank.
Were you not aware of this?
Before I try that, would you like me to try and make a re-bill?
Do you have sufficient  fund in that account?
OK I am gonna attempt to make a re-bill
Great it went through. You service should be active within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
O dear, have you tried turing your phone off and on again?
I am assuming the reception did not come back?
OK let me investigate.
It seems your last payment, was declined by your bank. Are you aware of this?
I believe the easiest going forward will be to re-bill your account.  Do you have sufficient funds in that account currently?
OK I will issue the refund.
I mean I will do the rebill one moment
OK the re-bill is successful
You account should be active within the next 10 minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for you time.
have good night further.
Hey Blake, let me investigate what is going on
I see you are correct you have been a loyal customer. WE appreciate your support.
Normally we have a no refund policy but, I think this can be an exception. Let me contact my supervisor and I will get back to you sortly
Great news, the supervisor says we can authorize  the refund.
I will just need to force a password reset
You should be receiving an email shorting with details. Be ensure the password you select is sufficiently difficult to crack.
OK One moment while I authorize the refund
OK the refund has been made to your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IIN that case have a great day further.
Hello Mary, let me look into this for you.
It seems you did pay the charge but the bank declined the transaction at a later process.
at a later time*
I am not sure. What I recommend we do is try and re-bill the account once more.
If the payment goes through this time you account should be active. If it get declined again you will need to figure out from your bank what are the causes.
If you would like I can do the re-bill for you?
And ensure that your service is switched on promptly?
OK one moment.
Great it seems to have gone through.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Mary, Let me assist you with this.
It seems on the system you should have received an oak dinning table? However this is not the table you received?
Could you please verify the delivery details on the box?
I would like to give you the correct table. I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box.
OK I believe we packaged the wrong table. What I will do is order a pickup order and at the same time deliver your table
Could we schedule the pickup and delivery for Friday?
So Friday afternoon?
2:00pm is fine by us. I will schedule this to happen.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK I will personally ensure you get the correct table this time. Thank you for you time and sorry again for any inconvenience.
Have a great night further.
Hey Mary, Let me have a look what I can do for you.
From looking on the system, I see you are a very loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe in this case we can make an exception
Let me just verify with my supervisor
OK, my supervisor agrees with me that we should give you a complete refund
I am truly sorry about this.
Give me one moment while I authorize the refund. I will also need to force a password reset.
You should be receiving an email with instructions on ho proceed with the password reset.
OK I have scheduled the refund. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case have a great day further.
Thank you for you time
Hello Mia, I can assist you with that.
It seems on the record you ordered a oak table? Is this not that table you received?
Interesting, could you please describe the table which you receive. Additionally could you please verify that the delivery address of that table is yours?
I understand. We will definitely replace the table with the correct one.
I am current just trying to establish if it was a delivery mistake or a packing mistake.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
On the system it is 5 Canal Street, New York, NY 10013
apartment 4k
Thank you for verifying this. What I will do is schedule a pick up order and have the correct table sent to you
What time will suit you for the pick up ?
OK one moment while I input this into the system.
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I can assist you with this
I see according to the records you ordered a Oak dinning table? This is not what you received?
I am sorry to hear this. We will be sure to have this corrected as soon as possible.
Could you please just verify that the delivery address of the table matches that of yours?
Ok, thank for verifying that.
What I will do is schedule a pickup order and then have the factory send out your table ASAP.
For the pick up order, what time suits you?
Will later this afternoon work for you?
OK one moment while I input this into the system
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case it was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Hello Mia, let me investigate for you.
Looking on the system it seems the last payment order was declined by your bank
I can try to make a re-bill.
Give me one moment while I try
Great news, it went through.
I have created a ticket to reactivate your service. This typically take 10min. So you should be up and running within the next 15min
Ok the ticket is created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hello Jack, let me investigate this for you.
It seems the last payment order was declined by your bank.
ah, I see it went through, one moment while I reactive your service.
You service should be working within the next 15min. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case have a great day further.
Hello Jack, I will help you resolve this.
Thank you for the details. That is indeed the wrong table.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
Ok in that case, it must have been a packing mistake. I do apologize. Let me replace the table for you.
OK
So what I have done is verified that we have stock and placed a new order for you
I would also like to schedule that the table which was delivered to you be picked up.
What time will suite you for the pick up order?
Ok, let me schedule it fro 3:30pm this afternoon, one moment
Great, your new table will be delivered Monday afternoon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case have a great day further.
Hey Mia, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your information.
OK having a look, these transaction do not seem right.
We will definitely refund you for these transactions
One moment please while I authorize the refund
OK Mia, I have authorized the refund.
I will however need to force a password reset
This is company policy...
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Can I help you with anything else?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, Let me investigate this quickly.
Having a look on the system it seems you are correct these don't seem right. We will refund you for them,
We will doing the refund directly to your Credit Card. One moment while I authorize this
OK Jack, I have authorized the refund.
I will however need to force a password reset, this is company policy
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Can I help you with anything else?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me assist you with this.
Just to verify, does you data work? Or is it a total service failure?
Ok, let me investigate...
It seem your previous payment order was declined by the bank?
Are you aware of this?
Sure we can. What I will do is make a re-bill.
Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
Ok, let me make the re-bill.
Good news, the payment was successful.
OK I will reactive your account now.
OK done, typically this could take 5-10 minutes
Great news. Can I assist you with anything else?
Hey Jack, let me see what I can do to help you.
From you records I see you are a very loyal customer. Normally we have a zero refund policy. But I believer we can make an exception for you,
Let me just verify this with my supervisor.
Hey Jack, I have spoken to my supervisor. What we will do is refund all transaction which took place after the delivery address was changed.
That equates to $103.56
OK, give me one moment while re refund this money to your credit card
OK, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days on your account.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.  (for the HIT, do not worry about the email part, just provide use with your cellphone number)
That is fine
have a good day further
hey this works
hey
Good Morning John, I'm happy to help you.
Please provide me with your new complete address
Great. I've updated the system.
I am looking to see if your new address is serviceable.
March 7th is the earliest possible date for installation. Does that work for you?
The representative will be there between 8a and noon. Will someone be home at that time?
Great, then you're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Good morning Jack. I'm happy to help you.
Please tell me your complete address
Is there an apartment or suite number?
I have updated the system.
Please hold a moment while I look to see if the address is serviceable.
Yes, your address is serviceable. The earliest appointment is March 7th - does that work for you?
Okay, we can have someone there Thursday between 6p and 9p
Hi John, I can help.
When did the problem begin?
Okay, thanks. Have you tried restarting the system?
I'm looking now to see if there are any reported problems in your area.
The system is down at the moment but should be back up by noon.
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Good morning - I can help with that
Please provide me with your full address
Please provide me with the City, State and apartment number if applicable
Thank you - the zip code is also necessary.
Fantastic. Please give me a moment to see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, it is - we can have a service person out on March 7th does that work
Will someone be home between the hours of 9a and noon?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the delay. Have a great day
Good morning Bill, I can help you with that. Please provide me with your full address.
Is there an apt. #?
Okay, please let me see if that area is serviceable
Yes, it's serviceable. Will someone be home on March 7th between 9a and noon?
Great. Your time is confirmed, is there anything else I can help you with ?
If there's nothing else, then I will end the chat. Thank you
thanks again for using this system
Good morning Jack - I can help you
Have you tried restarting the system?
Let me see if there are any problems in your area
There is some scheduled maintenance in your area right now. It will be back up by noon today
You'll have your signal today by noon and all channels should work
Anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a good day
Good morning Somesh, Please provide me your full address
Let me see if your area is serviceable. Please stand by
It is serviceable. Is march 7th a good day?
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day
Good morning, I can help you with that, please provide me with your full address
is there an apartment number
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, we can have someone out there on March 7th, does that work?
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Okay John, I'm happy to help.
Please provide your name and which performance
I can see the double charge, please stand by.
I have found the error and I have fixed the double charge. You should see the credit in two dayh
days
Have a great day
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
Sorry for the delay. Please provide me with your full address
Is there an apartment number?
Okay, let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, it is. Our first available appointment is March 7th, does that work?
Great, you're confirmed for March 7th between 9a and noon
Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
Okay, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Great, then you should be good to go.
Is there anything else I can help you with"
Have a great day.
Hey GI, sorry for the delay. I will be able to assist you
When did the problem begin?
Let me look on the system if I there are any reported issues
It seem there is a reported error
We have sent out a technician staff to resolve the problem
Give me one moment while I contact the technician to find out
OK seem they will be finished with the task, within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
Have a great day further.
Let me look into that for you, one moment please
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. I see on the system you are correct you were issued 4 seats.
What I will need to do is cancel the second perchase and issue a refund
Of course, give me moment while I process this
OK so your tickets ending with 5782 and 1239 are no longer available, however the ones ending with  9213 and 3573 are still working
I have also issued the refund on your card
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Greg, Let me assist you with that. Can you provide me with yoru full address details?
Great, let me put that into the sytem
ok I have inputted that into the system
I have also checked and saw your address is serviceable
Seem the eariest we can do the installation is on the 6 March, would this work for you?
Will someone be home between 9-12am?
Ok, I have confirmed the appointment, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Good morning, I
I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
Please try it and let me know - I will also check to see if there's anything going on with the system
Oh, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Great, then you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, Have a great day.
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
Have you tried restarting the system?
Yes, wait a few seconds and plug it back in.
Great, are the channels coming in clearly?
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help.
Sure. Have a great day.
Please provide me with your name and date of the performance
Great. Let me look in the system. Stand by'
I see the error. I will remove the double charge and you should see a credit in about two days.
Have a great day.
Okay, please provide me with your name and which performance
What name are the tickets under?
Okay. thanks - Let me look for that
I see the error. I will fix it and you should see the credit in two days.,
Yes, have a great day
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this. Could you give me one mooment while I pull up your information?
OK looking at the information infront of me, I see you are correct we have double charged you. I appologize.
I will be able to process the refund now.
One moment while I do so.
It is our pleasure. I have completed the refund. The balance should be available within two working days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Greg, let me try and assit you.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting the system?
Could you please try restarting your system?
No problem, just let me know.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Good  morning Jeramey. I'm happy to assist you. Please tell me the name that the tickets are under and for what performance
Please provide me with the full name of the person the ticket were sold to
Okay please give me a minute to pull it up in the system>
Okay. I see the error and will reverse it. You should see the correction as a credit in about two days,.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day
Good morning Rituraj. I'm happy to help.
Okay, thanks for being so detailed. Sometimes the solution is easy... have you tried restarting the system?
Try disconnecting all and let me know. In the meantime I'll see if there's anything going on in your area.
Actually the main cable system is down at the moment. You should full access to all your systems by noon today
Are you still there?
I am going to end this chat. If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again. Have a good day.
Please provide me with the name that the tickets are under
Okay, please let me pull it up in my system>
I see your order and I can see the double charge. I will reverse it and you should see the credit in about two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Sure, I'm happy to help you. Which performance and please tell me the full name of the person who purchased the tickets
Great. Thank you. Let me pull your information up in my system.
I see the error. I will reverse the charge and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Have a great day>
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you received an incorrect order. Please provide me with the order number and address.
Okay, thank you. Please let me take a moment and check the system.
Okay, I see that you ordered the Oak dining table. What did you receive?
I see what happened. I can schedule the delivery of your table for tomorrow.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with you full address.
What is your apartment number?
Okay great. Please wait a moment while I see if your area is serviceable.
Your area is serviceable. The next appointment available is on March 7th, does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for using our system. Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please provide me with the address and order number.
Okay, let me check the system.
Okay, would you please check the delivery address on the package and confirm that it's 2121 Dyson.
I will have to find your table and put in a change order. Please standby for a moment.
Okay, y ou
you're scheduled for Friday between 4p and 6p.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry that you received the wrong table. Please provide with the order number and address
Okay let me check on that.
Please describe the table you recieved.
Sorry for the delay. I've found the error. I can have your table sent to you tomorrow by 4p. Does  that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with "
?
Okay, have a great day.
Hey Greg, let me try and assist you.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
Ok one moment while I lock this down
OK done, I believe everythinng is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Jim, Let me assist you with this matter.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
We will be personally be doing the pick up and delivery.
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
Good morning Kim, I'm so sorry for this error. Please provide me with the order number and last name.
Please standby, I'm checking
Please describe the table you received.
I see that ordered the Oak table. Please confirm the address on the box
Okay, Let me take a minute to find out where your table is.
I've found your table. I can have it delivered tomorrow between 4p and 6p. Does that work
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry, I've confirmed the tech will be there March 7th is there anything else?
Please tell me the name of the concert and the name of the purchaser
Okay, please give me a moment to find your order
I can see the error. I will have it reversed and you should see a credit in two days.
I'm happy to have helped. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Yes, I can help. Please confirm your cellphone number
Thank you. Let me pull up your account
Okay, I see your account - I'm sorry but it seems that your last payment was declined.
Sure. Can I rebill your account on file?
Okay, just a moment.
Okay, your payment when through successfully. your service should be active in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using this system. Have a great day.
Hey Jack, let me quickly investigate this for you
one moment please
OK I have your records open in front of me. It seem the last payment order was declined by the bank?
I assume the bank did not notify you. What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill.
Sure, I will just need to do the re-bill, if the transaction is successful you should be opperational within 10 minutes again
Ok one moment while I authorise the payment.
Ok, it was succesfful. Your service should resume within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assit you with?
No problem. Is there anthing else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hello Barack. I'm so sorry you're having an issue. Please confirm your cell number.
Sorry for the delay. I've pulled up your account and unfortunately your last payment was declined.
Okay, stand by, it will take a minute for my system to show the payment.
I see the payment. you're phone should be active in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Hey Greg, let me help you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill?
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
OK I have done the re-bill and it was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
is there anything else I can still assist you with?
Yes we are still connected
Great, hope with your cellphone connection coming back online you will not have the problem again:) Have a great day further
Good morning, I'm happy to assist you. Did you try restarting your system?
Please try and let me know if that helps
Is the picture clear?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you and have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you're having an issue. Please tell me your cell number so I can pull up your accoung
account
Okay, I pulled up your account. Unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined.
It was declined by the bank. I can try to rebill to your account on file. Is that okay?
Great, I will rebill it through out system. Standby.
Okay, you're account is now up to date, your phone will be active in about 10 minutes.
is there anything else I can help you with ?
Okay, thank you. Have a great day.
Hey Kim, let me quickly investigate for you. One moment please
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
Sure, one moment please.
Ok it seem the re-bill was successful. Your service should resume within the next 10 min
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me quickly investigate what it going on
Wow, you are a really loyal customer
I am sorry that this happend
normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
Ok I have checked with my supervisor, we will go ahead and refund you for the transactions.
So all transaction post 20th Feb will be refunded.
That totals to $105,43
is that correct?
Great, give me one moment while I process the refund.
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Great:) Was a pleasure helping you and thanks again for your business:)
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Alex. I can help you with this. I'm so sorry to hear that you're account was hacked. Please let me know your name and account number.
Okay, please give me a moment to pull up the account.
Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that . Please let me know the name on the account as well as the account number
Let me pull up the account.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy but give me a minute to talk to my supervisor to see what can be done.
I understand and again I'm terribly sorry for this problem. My supervisor just got back to me and he's confirmed that we will be able to give you a full refund
Great. I'm so happy that we can resolve this issue. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that you had this happen. Please provide me with the customer name and account number.
Okay, I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy.
Let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something.
Okay, again, thank you for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $100.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Jim. I am so sorry to hear that this has happened to you. Please tell me the name on the account as well as the account number. I will look right into it.
Let me look at  your account. Please stand by for a moment. I will get right back to you.
Okay, I see that you were charged $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
No, they can't. But let me talk to my supervisor and see if anything can be done on our end.
Please standby for a moment.
Thanks for waiting. My supervisor has approved a full $100 credit. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Thank you for being such a loyal customer. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Hi Barack, I'm happy to assist you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number
Thank you Mr. President. Let me check your account.
I see the charge for $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
That
That's not the policy but let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
You are a very loyal customer and we thank you for that. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $!00.
$100
My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, thank you again. Have a great day.
Hi Kevin. Yes, I'm happy to help. I'm sorry that you receive the wrong table. Please confirm the name, delivery address and order number so I can pull up your account.
Thank you Kevin. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
While I'm doing this, please describe the table you received.
Great thanks for the details. I see that your table went to "Prudence Court." I'm very sorry for the error.
I can have the table delivered to you tomorrow if that works for you.
The delivery crew will pick up the table when they deliver yours. Please confirm someone will be home tomorrow between 4p and 6p
Great, again I apologize for the error in the delivery. Thank you for your patience while we correct this error.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day and enjoy your new table.
Hey
test
test
test
hey
Hello Kevin. Yes, I'd be happy to help you with this problem. Please tell my your cell phone number
Thank you. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Kevin, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure. Take your time.
Okay, perhaps there was an error on our end. Is it okay if I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Great. I will let you know once it goes through. It may take a moment
Your payment went through. You should have service within the next 10 minutes.
I'm happy to help. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Chrisine. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please tell my your full name and the order number.
It should have been send to you online with your receipt but if you give me your last name and address, I can look it up that way.
the problem is not resovled. Are you sure you would like me to end the conversation?
Sure
Hello Kevin. I'm so sorry to hear that this is happened to you. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with the account number.
Thank you. Please give me a moment to pull up your account.
Yes. I see the $100 charge. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy.
Kevin, I see that you've been a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
Okay, My supervisor has authorized a full $100 refund. Please check for an email to establish a new account.
Fantastic. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Marge, I can help you. Please tell me your full address
Is there an apartment number?
Okay, let me see if you're in a serviceable area.
Yes, I see that we cover your area. The next appointment we have available is March 7th .  Does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that there will be someone home between 9a and 4p
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today"
?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Christina, thanks for your order number I will check on it. Please describe the table you received.
Please confirm your delivery address.
Thank you.
Okay, I've found the problem. I will have your table delivered tomorrow. Does that work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be home between 4p and 6p
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
no problem
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Sometimes there is a problem with the system becoming out of sync.
Did that help?
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure thing, let me look what I can do to assist you.
One moment while I pull up your records.
I have pulled up your records, it seems the last payment order was declined by the bank.
Let me try and make a re-bill
Ok, I have made a re-bill!
It was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Ok I have pulled up your records and see that you have been double charged. I do appologize for that
Give me one moment while I process the refund.
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Christina, I can assist you with this. Give me one moment while I pull up your records
Ok, Looking at your account I see you are a really loyal customer
Generally we do not do refunds, but I believe we can make an exception for you
one moment while I confirm this with my supervisor
Hey?
Are you not recieving the messages?
Close the app completely and reload it
Close the app completely and reload it
Great, feel free to sumbit the HIt so long...
Let do the last converstaions? I believe you have one more?
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Looking at your order I see you ordered a oak table? Is this not the table you recieved?
I do appologize. Let me correct taht for you
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
Ok great, can I schedule it for 14:00?
OK I have done so.
I believe evething is sorted. Is there anything else I can asisst you with?
Sorry, will do. Have a great day
Hey Somesh, let me assit you with this.
I see you ordeed the oak dinning table, is this not the table you got?
I am sorry to hear this. Let me resolve this issue.
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
Great, let me put that into the sytem
Ok, I do appologize for this. You new table will arive this Thursday.
The pickup order is secheduled for 11am
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you.
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Christina, Let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Wow, I see you are a loyal customer, I do appologize for this.
Give me one moment while I issue the refund for you.
Ok, I see you address was changed on the 24 Feb, I refunded all amounts after this date and time. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
No problem
Hello I can assist you with this
one moment while I pull up your records
OK I see you last paymnet order was declined by your bank...
Sure I can authorizes a re-bill?
Let me do this quickly for you?
great, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be ressumed within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
hey Somesh, let me investigate this for you. One moment while I pull up information.
Looking at your information, I see your last paymnet order was declined by the bank.
Surem what  I can do is make a re-bill for the outstanding ammount.
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
OK, great news the transaction was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 10 min
Thanks, you too. Have a great day further.
Sorry I do appologize, I meant to ask if there is anything else I can assit you with
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Let me pull up your records...
Looking at your records, I see you are a really loyal customer :)
I do appologize for this.
Understandable.
Normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
Let me just check with my supervisor if he will be happy if I do the refund.
great my supervior agrees. I will be processing the refund now
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visiable within the next two working days
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hello Somesh. I am very sorry that this happened to you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number.
Okay, please give me a minute while I pull up your account.
Yes, I see the order for $100. I also see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you. Unfortunately, the company has a no return policy.
Let me speak to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do?
Thank you again for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized me to credit your account for the full $100. You should see that refund in about two days.
No problem. I also suggest that you create a new account and password. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great. Have a good day.
Hi George. I'm happy to help you. Please tell me your username
Thank  you. To verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email account associated with this account.
Thanks, let me check you account
I have issued a password reset. You will receive that shortly via email along with the instructions to reset.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Mary. I'm sorry you encountered that problem. Which username do you use?
Okay. Thanks to verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thanks. Let me research. Stand by
I have reset your password. You'll receive a temp password and instructions to reset a new password via email
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay thanks Have a great day
Hi Tom, I'm sorry to hear that. What user name did you use?
Okay. Thanks. To verify who I am speaking to, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Let me check your account. Please stand by.
I've reset with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to set up a new one via email shortlyh
Is there anything else I can help you with today?:
Great. Have a wonderful day.
Hello Somesh. Please let me know your user name
Thank you. I will review your account. Please stand by
I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive instruction about how to reset a new password via email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Hi Christina. I'm sorry you're having that problem. What's your username.
Okay Thanks. To verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, email address and date of birth
Thank you. Let me do some research. Please stand by
I have reset your account. You will receive instructions to reset via email
Have a great day
Hi Jeramey. I'm sorry to hear you're having problems. What is our username?
thanks. To verify your identity, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Great. I will check on this, please stand byh
Okay, I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Tom. I'm happy to help.
Please confirm that you didn't receive a note from the delivery agent.
Okay, thanks. Please verify the address the package should have been sent to.
Thank you. Please give me a minute to research this.
I'm sorry but the package was left at the door. I've opened a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You'll receive an email
Yes, I understand. The investigation should take about 24 hours. Please contact us if you haven't heard back from us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, have a great day.
Hi Jack, I'm sorry you're having this problem. What is your username?
To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
the one associated with this electric bill that you paid online
I need to verify your identity for this problem Please provide your date of birth and email address.
thank you. I can find this information with what you've provided. Standby while I research
I have reset your account with a temp. password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hey George, Let me help you with this.
Just to verify, was no note left on the door or the premises?
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
That is the same address that is on the system
I am gonna need to create a ticket for further investigation.
What will happen is that we will contact the person which was responsible for the delievery and verify where he left the package.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
replaced*
I do appoligize for this inconvience...
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further. We will be sure to contact you as soon as we have more information.
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
I am sorry to hear that.
I would like to just verify some thing. Was no note left on your door or premises?
Ok, so you received a delievery notice, but no package. Interesting...
On the notice there should be a name of the person who put the notice in the mailbox, Could you please provide me with the name?
Ok, it seem I am unable to get hold of SAM.
What I have to do now is create a ticket for this to be investigated further.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
I do apologize for this inconvience...
Is there anything else I can assist you with also?
Hey Christina, I will be able to help you.
Could you just verify that there is no notice anywhere in the building or premise left for you?
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
That matches the system.
What I need to do is create a ticket for this to be investigated further
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey. Please confirm that there wasn't a note from the delivery service regarding the package
Okay thank you. Please verify the address it was delivered to
Let me research this. Please stand by.
Unfortunately, the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be investigated.
You'll receive an email within 24 hours. If you don't hear back by then please contact us
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a great day
Hi Somesh. I'm sorry that this happened. Please confirm that there was no note from the delivery service.
I do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket for further investigation
The investigation takes about 24 hours. You'll be notified by email. If you don't hear back by then, please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hye Kimber, let me try and assit you with this.
I have pulled your information up on the system.
When did this internet connection problem begin?
Hey Kimber?
It could be realted to that. Let me look
Sorry I mean, I believe it could be related to that.
Looking on the system it seems your device is syncing up with the system.
With a relatively good ping.
What  can do is try and resetting the setting and see if this will help. One moment
You will lose internet connection for a few seconds.
Let me know when you connected again and are able to test the connection
It seem the connect strenght has increased from our end
No problem, I believe your internet should be more stable now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hey George, le me looking into this with you.
Have you tried restarting your modem?
OK let me pull your routeres settings up
OK I see there are curretnly 10 active users on your modem?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
What I would recomend you do is change you password. Looking at the details, you are recieving proper internet speeds, you just providing that to alot of different devices.
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
That is really nice to hear. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
And happy streaming.
Hello Tom. When did the speed problem begin?
When was the last time you changed your password?
I'm pulling the status from your router.
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem.
I suggest, you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
OK What I will need to do is pull up your modem setting. One moment while I do this.
It seems looking at your modem, you have curretnly 10 devices using your modem? Are you aware of this?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
Seems your neighbors are really good and guess your password. What I would recomend is you change your password on your router.
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
Ask if you need any assistance
How is the internet speed looking now?
That is really good news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey, I can help you. It's been slow for a week? When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, give me a moment, I'm pulling the status from your router.
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem
Not necessarily, but if you haven't given  your password to anyone, I suggest you change it and reconnect all devices
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to help you. When did you begin to see it slow down?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Sorry for the delay. I see that you have 10 users associated with your modem
I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, have a great day.
I am happy to help. When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I see that there are currently 10 active users on this modem.
Well, I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, have a great day
Okay, thank you Jack. I can help you.
I understand. I will log a ticket and will have the problem investigated. You should receive a response in about 24 hours.
If you don't hear back, please contact us again
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great day.
Hi Jack. I can help you with this.
When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I'm going to pull the status information from the router. Stand by
I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem
Yes, that's the best thing to do and then reconnect all devices
That should fix your speed problem, but do message back if it doesn't work and we'll send a technician. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Have a great day.
Hey Kimber? This is Werner. Do not worry about not specifying your cellphone number. I was able to verify your conversations
regarding your question, what is an Aldis?
Hey Kimber, no problem.
One moment please, If you read the HIT, you will see there are pre-specified problem sets
mind sticking to those?
Well we have had one conversation. What I will do is end the conversation. Then you can just begin from problem 2 onwards
Problem 1:  You are trying to log into your online account to pay your electricity bill. After attempting to log into your account three times the system has locked you out. You are unable to get it unlocked. Contact ACME and ask for assistance in getting access to your account.  Problem 2:  You recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today, while you were at work, you received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of your door. Upon arriving home, your package is missing. You have looked online and saw you explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package. Contact ACME and see if they are able to help.  Problem 3:  Your internet speed is really slow!! The slow internet speed problem began like a week. It is so bad that you are unable to even stream anything.  Contact your internet service provider, ACME, to find out what is going on and if they can help you resolve this problem.
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you. What is the username associated with the account?
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the electric bill
Thank  you. I have issued a password reset. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it shortly.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi Kevin, I'm happy to help you with this. What's your username on this account?
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You will receive instructions to reset it shortly.
Yes, shortly. You can reset the password by using the link in the email. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, have a great day.
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you with this.  Please verify that there was no note from the delivery service on your door.
Okay. I apologize for that. Please verify the address it should have been delivered to
Okay, thank you. I do see that the package was delivered.
I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated.
You're welcome. The investigation process takes about 24 hours. You'll receive an email with the results then. If you don't hear back, please reach back out to us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, you too.
Yes Kevin, I'm happy to assist you. Please verify that there was no note from the delivery company on your door.
Okay. Please verify the address it was supposed to go to.
Let me research this, I'll get back to you shortly.
I see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. I will log a ticket of inquiry.
No, that shouldn't be necessary, The investigation will take about 24 hours. We will contact you then with further instructions. If you don't hear back please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day
Hello Dan, I'm happy to assist you with this. I'm sorry that you got snowed in. What was the flight you had originally planned to take?
I see that  you are a platinum member. Thank you. I see that you were supposed to fly out at 4pm. I have an available flight at 8pm tonight or 8am tomorrow morning.
No problem. And, since you are a Platinum member, there will be no additional charge for the flight change.
I've booked the ticket, please check your email and confirm that you received it.
Great, have a safe flight home.
You're welcome
Hello Emily. I'm sorry to hear you were snowed in. What was the time of your original flight and what was the flight number?
Okay, thank you for that information. We have a flight going out tonight at 8pm or tomorrow morning at 8am.
Very good. And, I see that you're a platinum member, thank you. We will not charge you any additional fee.
I've booked your flight, please confirm that you've received the email with your ticket information
Great, have a safe flight.
Hello Dan. I can assist you with this.
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
I just need to confirm that you or a member of  your family didn't agree to this contract
I have suspended that account and I
I've created a ticket for an investigation
You will be contacted if more information is needed to complete the investigation
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great rest of your day
Hi Bob, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure time?
There are two flights available. 9am and 11am
No problem. And, I see that  you are a platinum member, so there will be no additional charged
charge
I just emailed you the ticket information, please confirm that you received it
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you! Have a safe flight.
When did the speed problem begin?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Sorry for the delay, I'm pulling the status information from your modem. Stand by
It appears that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
That's correct. If you haven't authorized those, I suggest you update your password and reconnect your devices.
Okay, I suggest that you change the password, contact the three authorized users and reconnect all the devices
That should help your speed issues. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day
I will assist you with this problem. What's the cell number associated with this new contract?
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't agree to this new contract
I've started a ticket for an investigation and suspended the account.
That's correct. You'll be notified with there's any further information needed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello Bob, I'm sorry to hear this. What's the cell number associated with the contract?
OK let me look into account quickly.
From the information I have infront of me I see it was a newly created account.
Just to verify before I suspend the account you are sure you did not open this account?
I am sorry for this sir. Let me resolve this problem. I will also notify the credit agencies of the mistake.
Please give me one moment while I suspend the account, for further investigation.
Ok the account has been suspended, I have also notify our fraud department. They will do a complete investigation and ensure you are not affected in anyway
We take this matter very seriously.
One more thing, could you please just verify that we have not subtracted any amount from your account?
The system indicates that the payment will only be subtracted later, but I would just like to cover all bases.
Ok, our system shows that we have not subtracted any amount from your account.
Great. I am sorry for this confusion... The account is now suspended and I do not believe you would need to worry any further.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to assist. I'm sorry that you didn't receive the shelf. Is it the Oak, 5 shelf bookshelf?
I'm happy to send the missing shelf to you overnight.
I'd also like to offer to send you the book of your choice to help fill the shelves.
Consider it done! Have a great rest of your day!
You're welcome.
Hi Emily, I apologize that you are missing a shelf. Is it from the Oak 5 shelf bookshelf?
I'm happy to send you the missing shelf. I'll have it overnighted to you.
No, absolutely not. In fact, I'd like to send you a book of your choice to help fill your new bookshelf
Fantastic! Enjoy!
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the user name associated with this account"
?
Okay, in order to verify your account, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the bill that you got locked out of.
okay, thanks. I  have issued a reset for your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset it.
I'm glad we could resolve the issue quickly.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great rest of your evening.
I'm sorry to hear that you were missing a shelf. Thanks for the details on the furniture
I'm happy to send out the missing shelf and have it overnighted to you.
Yes, in fact, I'd also like to send you a copy of your favorite novel to help fill the shelves of your new bookshelf
What book?
On its way! Enjoy!
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry for this confusion. Please confirm that there was no note on the door from the delivery company
Okay please confirm that address that it should have been sent to
I've researched my system and it does seem to have been delivered.
I will open a ticket for an investigation. It usually takes 24 hours to investigate this type of issue. If you don't hear back, please reach out to us.
I apologize for this issue. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you, you too.
Certainly, I'm happy to help you with this problem.
When did the speed problem begin?
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password?
Oh. pulled the status information from your modem and I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem.
Then I suggest that you change your password and then reconnect all your devices.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
Hey Jeramey, I am sorry to hear about that.
Let me assist you with getting you a new flight.
What was the flight number which you were booked on?
Ok Jeramey. I have located your ticket.
I have also noticed that you are a platinum frequent flyer
In cases where unforeseen circumstances causes you to miss a flight, it is our policy to help you return home free of charge..
I have two flights available for you. One 7pm and the other one at 9pm. Which would you prefer?
I see you seating preferences are window seats? So I can book 2A if you want?
Great you have been booked. You should be receiving an email soon regarding the details.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Somesh, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could I first get the flight you were suppose to be on?
Could you please specify to which destination you wish to fly?
OK, I have two flights available. One 7pm and the other one 9pm.
Could I assist you with booking one of these flights?
In that case, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a pleasant day further.
Hey Jeramy, I will assist you with this. Could you please give me the cellphone number on that contract?
Pulling up the information, one moment please
OK I see it is a new account which was opened in your name.  However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
OK in that case what I will do is suspend the account immediately and open an investigation regarding this  matter.
I do apologize for this.
OK the account is suspended. During this investigation the department will also clear any credit related aspect.
It is our pleasure, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a pleasent day further.
Hey Somesh. Let me me assist you with resolving this.
Could you please specify the cellphone number on the invoice?
OK one moment while I run this thought the system.
OK I see it is an account and it was opened in your name. From my understanding you have no recognition of this?
In that case, I will be suspending the account immediately.
I will also open an investigation into the mater which the fraud department will be handling. They will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Jeramay, Sure let me quickly just look which shelf you ordered...
OK on the system it says it is the zw1234 black bookshelf. I see all the shelves are the same size.
I will happy to ship you a new shelf.
One moment while I process this for you.
As we are so passionate about book, we would like to include a free book of your choice with this shelf replacement.
Is there a specific book you would like?
In that case we will be sure to send you a great romance with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Enjoy reading your books.
Hey Somesh, give me one moment while I look which bookshelf you ordered.
I see it is the oak five shelf deluxe?
Seeing that all shelves are the the same size, we will gladly send you a new shelf.
Additionally because we care about our customers and fellow book lovers, we would like to ship a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
We do indeed.
I will be sure to ship that with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further and enjoy your copy of "Marley and me"...
Sorry to hear that, I'll help you fix it
Hey Werner
What are you saying?
blah
jip
okay I can help
Good morning Jack.
I can help you. Please tell me your full address with apt. number if applicable
Okay great. Let me see if your address is serviceable
It is. The first available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for  you?
Great. I will have someone there between 9a  and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. Did this problem just start happening?
Okay, if you haven't already tried restarting the system, please do so now and let me know if that works. If not, I will have a technician come to service the issue
Fantastic. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Sometimes there's a surge in the system.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's the name of the person who purchased the tickets?
Is it under your name?
Okay, let me look it up in the system.
Great thanks for that information.
I can see the double charge.
I will credit the extra charge back to your credit card. You should see the credit within two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What was the flight number and time of departure?
Thank you for that information. I can get you on a flight at 3p this afternoon or 8p this evening.
Are you still there?
No, we can get you into O'Hare, would you like 3p this afternoon, or 8p?
Can you see my responses?
Okay. I am happy to assist you.
Please tell me your full address
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes you are. The first available appointment is March 6th does that work?
I just got something opened for this evening between 6p and 9p does that work ?
Did you see my note that we have something available for tonight?
Okay, you are confirmed for this evening. Is there anything else I can help  you with today?
Have a great day.
Thanks
Good morning, I can assist you. Please tell me your new address.
Is there an apartment number?
Okay. let me confirm that your in a serviceable area.
Yes, we can have someone to you on March 6th does that work?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with todayh?
Have a great day. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hi Jack. I'm sorry, We have a 3p today or 8p this evening.
Okay, which time works for you? 3p or 8p? Did you see my previous note?
Okay, great. I see that your a Gold member so there is not extra charge. Please check your email to confirm receipt of your ticket information
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Good morning. I am happy to help. Please tell me when you started seeing that problem
If you haven't already tried it, please restart your system and let me know if that helps.
Okay, I'm checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area, please stand by.
There is a reported problem in your area. They are working to resolve this issue and you should be back up and running within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks and have a great day?
day.
Good Morning Mary. I can help you with this. If you haven't already tried this, please restart your system and let me know if that help.s.
Great, Let me know if that works.
I'm glad to hear that. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you and have a great day.
Of course, I can assist. I'm sorry you had that problem. What's the name of purchaser and which even was it for?
Okay, let me retrieve the information. Standbyh
I see the double billing and have issued you a credit. You should see the refund in about two day.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's the name of the purchaser and the date of the event?
Okay great, let me find the information. Standbhy
standby
Is see the issue and have credited your account. You should see it hit  your account within two days.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thanks!
Good morning Bob. I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
I can assist you with this
Okay. I'm sorry.
Please confirm the delivery address on the package and let me know what that was
I found your table, I apologize for the confusion. I can have it delivered to you first thing tomorrow morning. Does that work for you?
Fantastic. They will also pick up the white table. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. I can assist you. What was the flight number and name of one of the passengers?
Okay, let me look up your information.
I have see that we have two flights going out today. One is at 4pm and the other is 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
I see that you are a Gold Member. So there is no additional charge.
No problem. I have emailed you the ticket information. Please let me know that you received it.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day and a safe flight.
I can assist you with this. Please tell me your cell phone number.
I will try and resolve it as quickly as possible.
I looked up your account and unfortunately, the bank declined the payment
I would like to rebill it to the account on file. Will that be okay?
Okay great. I have rebilled it and it went through fine.
Your phone should be active again in the next 10 minutes.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can help you with this.
Please confirm the address on the label and let me know which one you received in error.
Okay, what's your order number?
Okay, let me retrieve your order information, Stand by
I found your table. I can have it delivered in the morning. They will also pick up the other table. Does that work for you?
Great. You're confirmed for tomorrow morning by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. I can assist you.
What's the account number?
Okay, let me pull up your account. I see the order. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but let me talk to my supervisor.
You are a loyal customer, so I am authorized to credit your account the $100
Thank you! Is there anything else I can help you with today"
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Good morning Anny. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What table did you receive and what's the address on the label?
What's your order number?
Okay, Stand by. I'm looking into this.
I found your table and can have it delivered first thing in the morning
No. They will also pick up the table you have.
It went to Marigold Ave instead of lane
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this. What is your cell number so I can research the issue.
I see that you made a payment but it was declined by the bank.
Yes, I will rebill the payment to the account on file
The payment went through. You should have service in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You're welcome. Have a great day>
Hi John I can assist you with this. Which table did you receive and what's the address on the delivery label?
Okay, what's your order number?
I found your table. It went to ABC Lane. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for  you?
Great. You're confirmed for delivery by 9am and they will pick up the other table as well.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day. thank you
I'm sorry to hear that you have this issue. I can assist. What's the cell number?
I've pulled up your account and see that a payment was made on March 1st but it was declined by the bank.
I'm not sure what happened but I can rebill your account if that's okay
Yes. I sent it through and it credited successfully. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I will certainly help you. What's the account number?
I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
I"m sorry. I responded to you in error. I see the $100 charge and I
I've gotten the authorization to credit you account.
I'm sorry for this issue. I suggest you change  your password. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the cell number?
Okay, Standby while I review your account.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
I can do that for you now if that's okay
It went through successfully. Your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number on that contract?
Okay. Standby while I look at that account.
Please confirm that you or a member of your family did not open this account
I have suspended the account  and created a ticket for an investigation
Someone will be in contact with you if they need more information. is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm very sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the account number?
I see the charge on your account. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but because you're a loyal customer I will see what I can do.
Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that this happened to you. I will be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Okay. Please standby while I pull up your account.
I see the charge and I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me speak to my supervisor because the company has a no refund policy.
I've been authorized to credit your account the full  $100 and offer you a 20% discount on your next online order.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that . Please tell me the cell number associated with that contract.
Okay, please standby while I look into this.
I see this account. Please confirm that your or a family member did not start this contract
Thank  you for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation.
You will be notified by email should they need any further information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number associated with that contract?
Please stand by while I research this.
Please confirm that that you or a member of your family didn't authorize this contract.
Thanks for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation
You will be notified by email if they need any further informatoin
information
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. What's your username?
Let me pull up your account. Stand by.
For verification, please provide your full name, ;date of birth and email
Okay, I've reset your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
thanks have a great day
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can assist you. What's your username?
Thanks. Let me pull up your account. Standby.
I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to reset a new password. shortley.
Before I do this - please verify your date of birth and email address.
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What is your username.
Okay. For verification, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email
Great. I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email  with instructions to reset shortly.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
Have a great day.
I"m sorry to hear that. What's the username on the account?
For verification please provide your email address and date of birth.
thank  you. I have reset  your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
are you still there?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm so sorry that you had that issue. What's the order number"
I see that it was delivered and left in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as  soon as possible.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
Please do that and see if that helps.
It probably didn't help. I see that you have 10 active users
I see that you have 10 users currently on your account. If they aren't authorized by you, you should change your password and reset your devices.
Okay. That may be slowing things down. I'll need to send a technician to see if there are any other issues
Is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out.
thanks have a great day.
Please tell me your full address
are you still there?
No problem. Let me see if you
are in a serviceable area.
are  you still there?
I'm sorry for the delay. I can have someone out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work?
Okay, how's the 7th?
No problem. Get back when you can. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You too. thanks
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's your order number  and delivery address?
Okay please stand by while I research this.
I see that it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and we will get this resolved as quickly as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
okay. Have a great day.
bye.
I'm happy to assist. What's your username
For verification, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thanks you. I've reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery person on your door.
Okay let me research this issue. Please stand by
I see that it was delivered in error. I apologize. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with todayh?
Okay, have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
I see that in fact it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
Hey Bob, I am sorry for the wait. Let me help you with this
thank you for all the information.
Let me pull up the records.
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Hey Christina. I will be able to assist you.
Was no note left by any deliver person?
I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please specify your address?
Great thank you for this inform, I see that is matches what I have got on the system.
I am quickly tracking down the person responsible for that delivery.
standby please
Ok, I seem to be unable to get hold of him currently. What I will need to do is create a ticket for this to investigated.
WE will be able to give you the outcome within the next 24hours.
If for any reason it is negligence on our part, we will gladly replace the modem
I am sorry for this, inconvenience.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
I will be able to assist you with this bob.
OK great. Thank you for the information.
Let me pull up your account of the system
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Could you confirm your cellphone number also?
No problem. Thank you for verifying you identity. I will go ahead and schedule the password reset.
Give me one moment while I do this.
OK, I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with further instructions.
Once you have reset your password you will have access to your account
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, Bob. Have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that.Have you tried to reset the router
Okay that's good. Also, I see that you have 10 active users currently. Do you know them ?
Okay great! I'm glad the reset helped. Can I assist you with anything else?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
I'm happy to see that it worked You also have 10 active users currently.
Okay. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the order number?
Thanks. It
It's the Oak bookshelf?
Great. I will overnight a shelf to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist. Have you tried resetting your router?
Oh, okay. What's your account number?
Stand by while I research.
I see that you currently have 10 users actively using your internet connection.
Okay, then I suggest that you change you password and reset all your devices. This will help the speed
Is there anything else i can help you with
Okay, have a great day.
Hey Christina, I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
OK, one moment while I pull up the current status of your modem.
OK looking at you modem, I see you correctly synced up with the exchange and the upload and download speeds seem right.
Ah, here we go. I see you have 8 active devices on your modem currently.
Is this intentional?
In that case, I believe you model security was compromised.  I suggest you reset you modems password and reconnect all devices.
Do you need assistance in doing this?
OK, thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure. I can help. Have you tried resetting the router
Yes, did that help?
Don't feel that way. I'm glad it helped. You also have 10 active users.  Do you know if they are all authorized?
Okay, great. Please call back if the issue returns. Is there anything else I can help with ?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Okay. I can have the shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
Hey Valerie, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am currently pulling up your order.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase?
Is this correct?
Ok, sending a new shelf should be really easy
I will be sure to do that right now for you..
Seeing that you are a book lover, could we offer you a free book to help fill the bookcase?
No problem, you will not need to worry about any payment.
Which book would you like?
Any book you would like...
One moment while I see if I can track down that book...
OK seems we can get it. Bit exspensive
but a deal is a deal
we will be sending that over with the self
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
Hey Alan, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your account number?
Ok, busy pulling up the account details, one moment please.
OK I will need to verify your identify before proceeding. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Great, thank you for verifying your identity.
Let  go ahead and schedule that password reset. Standby please
OK I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions.
Once the password is reset, you will have full access to your account again
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is the order number?
Okay. Standby while I research the issue.
I see that it was delivered in error. I will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.
I understand. There was some confusion on our end. You'll be contacted via email regarding the resolution.
You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Okay. Have a great day.
Hey Bill, let me assist you with this.
I see you ordered the oak bookshelf? Is that correct?
Ok, replacing the shelf should be easy, Considered it done.
I have just placed the order. However to make up for the inconvenience, I would like to offer you a free book of your choice
Which book would you like?
Let me just ensure I can get you this book...
Ok we have it. I will be sure to send that along with your free delivery. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I see the order, it's the oak one right?
Okay, I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay, Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. Let me research this - standby
I see the order, is it the Oak bookshelf?
Okay. I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good bye
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What is the order number?
I see the order.  I have credited the account you should see the credit in two days.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, I can assist you. What
is your username?
Okay for verification purposes please provide your full name, email address and date of birth.
Thanks. I have reset your account with a temporary password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.  Yes it's been resolved.
Yes, sorry for the delay. Is there anything else I can help with?
Good-bye
I can assist you. Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay great. I"m glad to see that worked. You also have 10 active users. Does that seem right to you?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the flight number and time of departure
Okay. I have two flight options. 2pm today or 6pm tonight.
Great. I see that your
you're a Gold member so there's no charge. YOU are confirmed and will get an email with the flight info
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay what's your account number
I pulled up your account and see that  you currently have 10 active users.
I suggest that you change your password and reset your devices.
Okay, that will help. Is there anything else I can help you with
I'm sorry to hear that. What table did you get and what's the delivery address
I see your order and can deliver your table first thing tomorrow. Does that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You too. thanks
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. What's the order number?
I see your order. I can have the table delivered first thing tomorrow. Does that work ?
Yes, You're correct. Sorry. I need to open an investigation.
You will receive an email from the investigative team if they have any other questions and to confirm redelivery.
They need to investigate but will resolve it as quickly as possible.
Great. No we are done.  Have a great day.
Yes, I can assist you. What is the address?
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou.
Are you still there
Hey Bob, Sure thing let me assist you with this
Perfect, thank for the item. That matches the item on our system.
I will be sure to send you a replacement  shelf, free of charge.
No problem bob. Do you have enough books for this massive shelf?
I do apologize for the inconvenience, regarding the missing shelf. Be sure to use ACME again when you want another shelf:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further:)
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's the order number?
Please standby while I review it.
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will need to open an investigation. Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery service.
Okay, thanks. You will hear from the investigative team via email. They will work to resolve it quickly.
I understand, They will help. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Have a great day
thanks.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay great. You also have 10 users currently active on your account.  Are you aware of that?
I would strongly suggest that and then reset all your devices.
No that's it. Have a great day.
Thank you.
What is the cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes, I will do that. Stand by
It worked. you should have service in about 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with
I can assist you with this. What is your address
Okay, let me confirm that we service your area.
Yes, we service  your area. The earliest appointment is March 6th. Does that work?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Okay, you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
bye
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the charge. I also see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you.  The company doesn't offer refunds but let me talk to my supervisor.
I've been authorized to credit the $100. You should see that in two days.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
Okay, thank you. Have you tried rebooting your router?
I am looking at your account and I noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Do you know about those?
I see. Well I strongly suggest that you change your password and reset all your devices.
Try it now. I will wait.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Okay, I can assist you with that. What
is the cell number associated with that contract
I understand but I need the cell number to review that account
Thank you. Let me take a look. Standby
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract
Okay. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket of inquiry.
If the investigative team has any questions they will contact you via email . Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the order number?
I see the double charge. I have credited your card and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. What was the flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that there are two flights leaving today. Does either 4pm or 8pm work for you?
Great. I also see that you're a Gold Member flyer, so there is no extra charge for this change.
I've sent you a confirmation email. Please confirm that you received it.
Fantastic. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome.
Hello Jose, How may I assist you today?
Hello Jose?
No problem. How may I assist you today?
No problem, Do you not wish to have a conversation?
Ok, no problem. Have a good day further
Yes, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Okay, I will review your account.
To Verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with instructions to reset your password shortly.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a a great day
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What is the order number?
Okay, Standby while I review this.
Is see that it was delivered in error. I will need to open a ticket of inquiry.
Our investigative team will review this  and follow up with you as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I can assist you. What is the delivery address on the box?
What is your order number?
Yes, I see the order and that it was mistakenly delivered to Lollipop Dr. not Lane. I will have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Great. They will also pick up the other table. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
I can help you with this.
What is yours  account number
Have you tried rebooting the router?
Okay. I've pulled up the account and see that you currently have 10 active users. Have you authorized that many?
Yes, I strongly suggest that you do that and reset all your devices.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
What is the cell phone number?
Thank you. I have pulled up the account and see that you made a payment  on March 1st but it was declined.
There could be an error. Do you give me permission to put through the payment again to your card on file?
Okay. I have put the payment through and it did accept the payment. Your service should be back on  in about 10 minutes.
You're welcome.
Hi David. I can help you with this. What's your new address.
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
We do service your area and I see that we can have someone to you tomorrow morning between 9a and noon. Does that work?
Great. You are confirmed for tomorrow between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry that this happened. I can assist you. What is your order number?
Okay - is it the Oak Bookshelf
I am happy to overnight the two missing shelves.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
Okay. I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer . Thank you.  Standby while I research this.
I see the charge. The company doesn't normally refund any money but let me talk to my supervisor.
Thank you. I've been authorized to refund you the $124 and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I can assist you. What's your full address?
Let me check to see if we service that area.
We do service your area and can have someone out to you on March 6th. does that work?
Great. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great is there anything I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I can assist you. Have  you tried rebooting the system?
Yes, let me know if that helps.
I will check to see if there are any issue in your area.
That's great. I'm happy that there was an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
What's the cell phone number associated with the contract?
Thank you. Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract.
Okay, I have suspended this number and will open a ticket to investigate. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Okay. Have you tried restarting your system? Unplug it and then plug it back in and wait for the reboot.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your order number?
I will need your order number research.
thank  you. I see the double charge and I will credit your card. You should see the credit in two days.
You're welcome, Have a great day.
Hi Junior. I can assist you. What's your new address?
Yes, for your new home where you want the cable installed.
Okay, thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. I can have someone out to install on March 6th. Does that work for you>
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
thank you.
Sure. I can help you with that. What's the order number
I pulled up  your order and see that you were double billed. I've credited that amount and  you should see the credit in two day.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
I'm sorry to hear this. What was your flight number and departure city
Okay. I have a 5pm to Reagan or a 6pm to BWI. Do either of those work for you?
Great. I see that you're a Gold Member Flyer. I can make this change with no extra cost to you. Please confirm that you received ticket confirmation in  your email
Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system? If not do so now
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Thank you
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that we have two flight options. 4p and 8p today. Do either of those work?
Okay and i see that you
are a Gold member Flyer. So, there will be no charge for this change. Please confirm that you received the ticket information in your email box.
Happy to assist. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. Please tell me your username.
To verify your identity please tell me  your birth date and zip code
Okay. Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. You'll be getting an email with reset instructions.
YOU're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number
Great. I see that you were double billed. I can refund that and you will see  your credit in two days. Thanks for the Cher reference, made my day.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem . What's the order number ?
I do see that we mistakenly delivered the modem without the required signature. I will have to open up an investigation ticket.
The team will resolve the issue as soon as possible and will contact you directly if they have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to that you missed your flight What is your flight number and departing city?
Please tell me your flight number
Okay. I have two flight available 4p and 8p. Do any other those work for you?
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. Thank  you. Because you are there will be no additional fee for this change.
Please check your email now for the flight information.
Did you receive it.
Is there anything else I can do for you today
Have a great day
Sure, I can assist you. If you haven't already rebooted the system. Please do so now.
If that didn't help, it may be because you currently have 10 active users associated with your modem
That will help. I also suggest that  you change your password and reset all your devices.
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry you are having that issue. What's you're order number?
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Okay. I apologize that you are missing a shelf. I can have it overnighted to you today.
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hello Dave. Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Let me assist you.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Okay, let me confirm that we can service that area.
Yes, that is okay... The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. Your installation is confirmed for March 6th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay let me see if there are any issues in  your area.
I do see that they are working in your area. They've confirmed that the problem should be alleviated within the hours.
hour
Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry you had that issue. I can assist you. What is your order number
I found your order. What is the delivery address on the box?
Thank you. Let me research this. Standby
I see that it was delivered to George Ave. I apologize for the error. We can have it delivered tomorrow morning. Does that work for you>
Of course. They will also pick up the other table at the same time. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Yes, I can assist you.
What is your order number
I see that you were double billed. I will credit your account.
You should see the credit within two days.
Sometimes it can be easy. I'm glad to help. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
You're welcome... which tag line?
Thanks! Have a great day.
Hi Ben. I'm sorry that this happened I can assist you. What is your order number ?
Thank you. What does the table look like that you received and what's the address on the box"
Okay I see where your table went. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that  you got snowed in. What's your flight number and  your departure city
Okay I have your information and see that there are two flight options for today. 6p and 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Great and I see that you're a Gold Member flyer so there will be no charge for the change. Please confirm that you received the confirmation email with your flight informatin
Have a safe flight
What is your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Yes, I put the payment through and the credit worked. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You are welcome
I'm sorry that you had this happen. What's  you're order number?
I found  your order. I can have the correct table delivered in the morning Does that work
Great. You are confirmed Is there anything else I can do
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What is your order number
Let me check on that stand by
I see your order. I am sorry for the confusion. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number?
I found your order. What style table got delivered?
Okay. I see the error. I can have it delivered to you in the morning.  Does that work for you>
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Have a great day
What's your cell number?
I asked for you cell number? Were you able to see my request
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number. Let me look what the problem could be.
Ah, I see the last payment order from the bank was declined.
Sure, we can try and reschedule a payment with the details we have on the system. One moment please
Ok, Ben. It seems the payment was declined again. Do you maybe have another way of processing the payment?
Sending a check would take a long time to clear. Is it possible that you can go to the bank to see if they are able to understand why they are declining the payment ?
Alternatively you can try downloading the app and make a payment with your Credit Card?
Which ever you prefer.
Ok, I am sorry about this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further. It was a pleasure helping you.
Thanks
Hi Liz. I'm sorry for this error. I can assist you. What's your order number?
Okay. I see that you did order dark brown. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work for you/
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything I can help with ?
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number?
what is your cell number so I can research it
Okay. i see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
I can put it through again if you believe this was an error
I put it through again. It may have been a keying error. your service will be back up in 10 minutres.
minutes
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?"
Great. Have a great day
Yes, I can help. I see the order. the Company doesn't normally issue refunds but you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do
My supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20% discount on your next order.
I will. Thank you.
What is your cell number
I see that you made a payment on the1st but it was declined
I can do that for  you
Yes, I see it. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
day
I can assist you. What's your cell number.
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Is it okay for me to put the payment through again
It went through. Your service will be up in about 10 minutes
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your cell number
I see that you made a payment on the first but it was declined
I will but it through again. is that alright
It went through. Your service will be back in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Hey Ben, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your account...
Ok looking at your account I see your address was change last week Friday. Then 3 orders were made to the total of $104
are these the transactions you are referring to?
I understand, I would just like to get an understanding of which transaction are fraudulent.
Ok, based on your track record, I believe we should be able to help you and refund you the amount.
Give me one moment while I just confirm this with my supervisor
Ok, my supervisor agrees that we can authorize the refund
Let me do this for you, one moment please
Ok Ben, I have authorize the refund. I would highly recommend that you change your password of your app
If you would like I can force a password reset for your account?
OK Ben, I am glad I was able to assist you. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
Great, in that case I hope you have a great day further.
What is the cell number associate with that contract
Okay. I will suspend the number and start an investigation
No, they will contact you if they need more info.
Is there anything else I can do
You are welcome. Have a welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the $115 order. The company doesn't offer refunds but because you are such a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
I've been authorized to refund your money. You will see the credit in about two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds but because  you are a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
Of course. I've been authorized to credit the entire amount and offer you a 20% discount on y our next order. Use the code 20% when ordering
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your account number
Is see that order. The company doesn't give refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer so I will see what i can do
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order .Please use code 20%
You are welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds normally but I see that you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do.
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
No problem. You are welcome.
What is your new address
Let me see if we service that area
We do. The next available appointment we have is march 6th.  Does that work
Please confirm someone will be available between 9a and noon
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
What is the cell number associate with that contract
Please confirm that you or anyone else in your family didn't authorize this contract
Okay. I suspended that number. I will open an investigation. You will be contacted by that team if they need further information
Is there anything else I can help you with
You are welcome
What is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. I will suspend that number and open an investigation.
If they have any question they will reach out to you. There's nothing more for you to do.
Thank you. Have a great day
You are welcome
I can assist you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
Please confirm that no one else in your family authorized this
Okay, I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
You will be contacted if they need more information
Yes you can disregard it.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with
You are welcome
What is the number associated with that contract
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
You are welcome
What's your account number? I will assist yhou
you
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system
if not, please do so now.
I checked your area and I do see that there is an issue that is currently being worked on. I have confirmation that it should be  resolved
Oh great. I guess they fixed the problem
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Okay. It should be back up within the hour. If not, please reach back out to us
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I can assist you with this. What's your order number
Are you still there?
I've pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will credit the order and you should see your refund in about two days.
It was probably a keying error. I apologize for any inconvenience.  Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
thanks
Hi Jackie. I can assist you. What's your new address
Okay. Let me see if we service that area
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is march 6th. Does that work
Please confirm that you would be available between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Okay, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area that are being worked on.
Yes, I see that there was an outage that started last night. But I've been told that it should be resolved within the hour.
Yes. That would be best. But I think the problem with resolve itself after they finish working on the problem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to assist  you. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information.
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that second charge and you should see the refund in your account in the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day.
Hi Joe. I'm sorry to hear you are having this problem. What's your account number?
Also, have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you for that information. I am looking to see if there have been any issues we are currently working on in your area.
Okay. I see that they are working on an outage in your area but it should be resolved within the hour.
If it doesn't resolve itself. Please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you were snowed in. I can assist with getting you another flight. What was your flight number and departure city?
Thank you. I see that there are two more flights leaving Denver today. 6p and 9p. Do any of those work for you?
Fantastic. I also see that you are a Gold Club Member so there is no additional charge for the change. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmatino
confirmation
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
okay. I can help you. What is your new address.
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that day work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. You are confirmed for the 6th between 9a and noon.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
I'm sorry for this error. I will assist you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me take a look at your order.
I see your order and that you were billed twice. I will refund the second charge. You will see the credit within two days.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello, let me assist you.
What is your flight number and departure city?
Thank you for that information. I see there are two more flights this evening leaving Atlanta. 5p and 9p. Do either of those work for you?
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. So, there is no additional charge for the change. Please confirm that you've received the confirmation of your flight information to your email
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you and have a safe flight
Hi. I can assist.
What is your order number?
Okay. Thank you for that information. Let me pull up your order.
Please describe the table that was actually delivered to you>
Okay. I see your order and have located your table. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning.  Does that work for you?
Great. Your delivery is confirmed for tomorrow by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I'm happy to assist you. What is your order number?
Thank you for that information. What does the table you received look like
Okay. I see the error and where your table was delivered. I can have it delivered to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning by 9am.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I will be happy to assist you.
What is your cell phone number
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Okay. Would you like to do that now and I will put the payment through?
Understood. But your cell service will not be turned back on until you make the payment.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. I will assist you. What is your cell number
Okay. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Yes, I'll be happy to put the payment through again.
It worked this time. Your service should be back on in about 10 m inutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello Ryan. I'm sorry to hear about this issue. I'll be happy to assist you.
What is your account number?
Thank  you for that information
I do see this $100 charge. The company doesn't normally offer any refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for that.  Let me see what I can do,.
I've been authorized to credit the $100 and also offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering. I also suggest that you change your password.
No problem. We thank you for your patronage. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Hi Jose. I'm sorry you are had this issue. I'm happy to assist you with this.  What is your account number?
Thank you for this information. Standby while I review your account.
I see the $100 charge. The company normally doesn't offer any refunds but I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see what can be done.
I've been authorized to credit the full $100 charge and offer you a 20% discount. Please use code 20% when ordering.
I there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
I'm happy to help you. What is the cell number associated with that contract?
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. Thank you for that confirmation . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation.
That team will reach out to you directly should they have any questions or need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Okay. I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's the cell number associated with this contract.
Thank you for that information.
Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this contract
Okay. I have suspended this number and will open a ticket for an investigation.
That team will reach out to you directly should they need any further information and to let you know the resolution
Jose, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you and have a great rest of your day.
hey
Good morning. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you're area is serviceable. Standby
Okay. I have you in the system. The first available appointment is March 7th does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 7th
Okay, you are confirmed for the 7th.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Good morning Beth. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Great. Let me see if your area is in our service area
Yes, and the first available appointment is on March 7th. Does that work?
Between 9a and noon. Please confirm that someone will be home at that time
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hi I can help you. What's your new addres.
address
thank you. Let me see if that is a serviceable area
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. does that work for you/
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning Bill, I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Let me see if that area is one that we service
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. Does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day
Yes, I can help. What's your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system? if not, please do that now.
That's great. It's nice when it's an easy fix .
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcom
welcome
Good morning, I can help you with that. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. Let me see if you are in a serviceable area
Yes, it is. The next available appointment is March 7th. Does that work
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Yes, I can help with that. What is your account number?
I see that there is an outage in your area. They say that it will be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry you are having that issue. I'm happy to assist you with that. What's your account number?
Okay. thanks. have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
There is an outage in your area and I'm told it will be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can assist you wtih
You're welcome. Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can help you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Great. I'm glad that fixed your problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You're welcome
Okay, I can help you with this. What's your address
Let me see if you're in a serviceable area
We are good. The first appointment available is on March 7th. Does that work
That's okay, they will bring all they need to set you up. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Are you still there?
Yes, I sent you a message. do you see it?
Okay, great. Is there anything else I can assist you with>
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help, What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I can help you with this. What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcom
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your order number
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help. what's your departure city and flight number?
Thank you for that information. I see that there are two flights that are available. one at 12p and 2p today. Do either of those work for you?
Great. And, because you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no extra charge for the change.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your account number?
have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
yes, I see that there is an outage nearby. I understand that they are working on it now and it should be resolved within the hours.
hour
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What's your flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that there are two flight 2p and noon today. Do either of those work for you?
Great and because you are a Gold Member Flyer there will be no additional charge for this change
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. I'm happy to assist. What's your flight number?
Hmmm. It seems that the flights are canceled for the next two days. The earliest will be March 7th. I have a standby at 9a and a flight at noon. Do either of those work for you?
Okay, I will book you at noon on march 7th. Please look in your inbox and confirm that you receive your flight confirmation
did you receive the email?
Great. You are confirmed. There will be a $125 change fee. Shall I put it through with the card you have on file?
Thank you. It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. What's your account number?
Please provide me with your account number.
Thanks for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, how long ago?
Okay, thanks for trying again. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
There are no issues in your area. We'll have to have a technician come out to fix your problem.
The first appointment we have is tomorrow afternoon between 2p - 5p
Does that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information. I pulled up your order. I don't see a double bill, I see two tickets purchased one for march 7th and one for march 8th
I understand. Unfortunately, since you purchased two tickets on two different days, we can't offer you a refund.
Okay, let me look into this further. Stand by
I don't see an error on our end. But, I see that you order tickets from our site often. Let me talk to my supervisor to see if there's anything we can do
I got the authorization to give you a credit for the amount of the second ticket. Unfortunately, I can't refund the money
Okay, I'm glad we were able to resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thank you. Have a great day.
Hi. I'm happy to help. Please stand by
What's you order number
Okay, thank you. I pulled up your order and see that there are two tickets ordered. Both for $88 but the other ticket but the other order is for different seats on the same day.
So, two sets of two tickets. One Row F seats, 12 and 13. The others are Row W 14 and 15
Okay, first, please confirm which seats you want
Let me see what we can do. Please stand by
Unfortunately, since it appears you ordered both tickets we can't offer a refund. But, I see that you do order tickets often from our site so let me see if there's anything else we can do
Okay, I've been authorized to offer you a credit for the $88 to use on your next purchase
Great/ O
oops... Great, I'm glad I was able to resolve the issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day and I hope your team wind
wins
Good Morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. I'm happy to help you. What was your flight number and departure city
Thank you for that information. I did see that Fargo, got 20 inches of snow.
Unfortunately, the next flights out aren't until tomorrow and the are both standby. Which is better for you? 9a or noon
Okay. You are confirmed for 9am march 6th. Please be there early to help your chances of getting on that flight.
I just sent your flight confirmation. Please check your inbox and confirm you received it.
Great, you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. I can assist you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
When did you last try
Please try again while I'm on with you
Okay, that
is great. Please confirm that your channel is coming in clearly
Very good. I'm glad it got resolved quickly.
I noticed that you are currently over due on your monthly payment. Can you make a payment today?
I'm happy to make that payment for you. Can I charge your card on file. $175 to bring you up to date?
I'm sorry, to be clear. You'll make the payment on your own... I won't put it through for you now.
Understood. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. What was your flight number?
I will try. What are the names of the passengers?
Okay. Let me see if there's anything available. Please standby
There is a standby flight at 1p today. does that work? if not, there's a flight I can put you on at 6p
Hmmm. I see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. I am able to get you on the 1p flight and can offer you either coach or for $50 each and upgrade to First class
Fantastic. I will bill your card on file.
Please look in your inbox for confirmation and let me know when you received it
Great. have a safe flight.
You're welcome
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. What is your order number
Okay, let me look into this. Please stand by
Which table did you receive?
I pulled up your order and I see the issue. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have the table delivered first thing in the morning.
Okay. did the driver leave it in the box?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow between 9a and 11a
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's your order number ?
Okay, give me a minute to research this.
yes, you are in our area. the next available appointment is march 9th
No, sorry. We can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work
Okay great. You're confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning between 9a and 11a
You're welcome. Have a great day
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. is there an apartment number
Okay. Let me see if you are in our service area
yes, you are. The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
Okay, please look in your inbox for the confirmation and try to call 24 hours in advance if you need to reschedule
There is no charge for installation.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to help you. What's your order number
what table did you receive?
Hmmm I see that you ordered a glass table. The bottom has metal legs in your order.
Okay, I see. I apologize for inconvenience. I can have your table to you first thing in the morning. Does that work
Great. They will also pick up the glass table that was mis-delivered.
You are confirmed for delivery between 9a and 11a
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your cell number
I have pulled up your information. It appears that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure. I'm happy to charge the account we have on file.
Hmmm, it was declined again. The account on file ends in 6917 with an expiration date of 4/15
Is that correct
Okay. Please go into your online account and update your information. Let me know when that's complete and I can run the payment again. I'll hold.
Great. You are fast! I'm putting the payment through now.
It went through this time. confirmation # 4590305304
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
Good morning Dave. I'm sorry to hear that you are having this issues. What's your cell number?
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it.
Okay, I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you?
Hmmm. I put the payment through but it was declined again. the card we have on file ends in 7895 and the expiration date is 4/15
are you still there
sure. Please go online and update your information. I'll hold
Great. I will run it now. Standby
it went through. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great day
Hello. I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
Let me look into this for you.
I'm sorry, I don't see that order number. Please confirm the number
Great. Yes, I see that order.
It doesn't show a double billing though. It shows two tickets purchased for march 10th at 8pm, one is for seat 14 row AA and the other is seat 8 in row W
Yes, the cost is the same for both seats. Which seat did you want
Okay. We don't offer refunds for purchases but I see that you order from our site frequently so I'll see if there's anything we can do
I can offer you a credit on your next purchase, but I can't refund the money.
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue for you.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day and enjoy the performance
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. what's your account number
I see the $100 charge on march 1st. Unfortunately the company doesn't offer any refunds
Yes, I do see that you're a loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor
I'm able to refund the money to you. I strongly suggest that you update your password and username.
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number
Thanks for that information. Let me look into the matter
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined. that's why you don't have service.
Sure. I will put the charge through again.
Hmmm. It was declined again. I have your card ending in 4563 with an expiration date of 4/15
Please log on to your account and update the information I'll hold
Great. I put the charge through and it was accepted. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you had that problem. What's your account number?
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see that you are a very loyal customer and we'd hate to lose you. Let me talk to my supervisor.
Okay. I've been authorized to credit your account. I strongly suggest that you change your password and username
I'm glad we could resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
You received a contract in the mail? What's the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. the contract name is under Jim Kennedy. do you know this person?
Okay. I've suspended the number and have opened a ticket of inquiry.
If someone from that team needs more information. They will contact you. But first, please log on to - fraudcontract.com and put in the contract number and confirm that it is not yours. I'll hold.
thanks. Is there anything else I can help youwith
Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. what was the flight number and departure city
I'm sorry. There's aflight today at 2p and 4p. Do either of those work for you
Okay, You are confirmed at 2p. Please check your inbox for the flight informatoin
Have safe flight.
What table did you receive?
Okay, let me find out where your table went
I found it. It went to Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your account nubmer
number
I see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
yes, I see you are very loyal customer. I will put my manager on. Stand by
Hello, I'm Jean the manager. I see that you are a loyal customer. We cant
can't offer you a refund but can offer you a credit of the $100 for future orders
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue. I strongly suggest you change your password and user name
I would also like to offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Please use code 10%
You're welcome. Thanks for being a great customer
Please open the box to confirm that the table is light oak. Also, please give me your order number
are you still there?
I can assist you with this What's the cell number on the contract
Okay. I see that the customer is kevin kennedy. do you know this person
Okay. We have suspended the number and I've started a ticket of inquiry.
that's correct. If the team investigating has any questions, they will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number
Please open the box and confirm that the table is light oak
I'm sorry about that. Sometimes that happens. I'm glad you did receive the correct table.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
sorry, the last line was for my other customer. Is the table light oak inside?
I actually found your table. It went to 123 Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it sent first thing in the morning. Does that work>
Great, you are confirmed for tomorrow by 9a
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm sorry to hear you are having this issue. what's your cell number
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Sure, I will run the charge again
Hmmm. I ran the charge but it was declined. I have card ending 9648 with the expiration date of 4/15. Is that correct
Okay, I see. Please go online and update your information. I will hold
Great. I will run it again
It went through this time. confirmation number is 2654984C5.
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
Hello, I can assist you with this. What is the cell number on the contract?
I've pulled up that account. It says it belongs to a Tammy Brown, is that you?
Okay, but you say you didn't authorize this contract?
Please confirm that no one else in your household ordered a phone
Okay. I've suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry. If someone from that team has any questions, they will contact you directly.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with
okay, Have a great day
I'm happy to assist here. What's your cell number?
I've pulled up the account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Sure. I can run the charge on the back up card
it went through. Your confirmation number is 895164
No problem. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
Please standby while I pull up the account
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
yes, you have been a very loyal customer. let me see if there's anything I can do.
I've been authorized to give you a credit of $100 but I can't refund that money.
I'm sorry. You're correct. $125. I've logged a ticket to investigate and I also urge you to change your password and username
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear the wrong table was ordered. What's your order number
What table did you recieive
I see your order and have found the delivery error.
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. what's your cell number
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
It was definitely declined, shall I run it again?
Hmmm. I ran it again and it declined again. the card on file ends in 2687 but the expiration date is 2/15.
Please go onto the site and update that information. I will hold
Great, I will run it again.
It went through, your confirmation number is 561CE264
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome. Have a great day
thanks!
Hello, I am happy to assist you.
What's the cell number on that account
I pulled up that account. The name on the account says Marie Smith, is that you?
Oh, I see. Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this account.
Thank you for confirming. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You're welcome. If a member of that team needs more information, they will reach out to you directly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your account number?
I've pulled the account and see the charge
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see that you've been a loyal customer for 8 years. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I spoke to my supervisor. We can offer you a credit for the $100 but no a refund
Great. I'm happy we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a 20% discount. Use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to see you had that issue. What's your account number?
I pulled up your order and see the charge. Unfortunately it looks like it was made from your username JJJ. The company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
Thank you and I'm happy we could resolve this. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear about this I'm happy to assist. what's the cell number on the account
yes
That's odd. Please standby while I research this.
Hmmm, the order was placed locally in your area. Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this
I have suspended your account. I will open a ticket of inquiry with our investigation team. they will reach out to you directly if they need more information. There's been no money charged here
I don't think you need to get your bank involved at this time
Please log on to fraudatt.com and use the ID. Notmycard and password is the cell number. Then follow the instructions to confirm this was fraudulent. Once done, let me know. I'll hold
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the whole order. Was it the oak table?
Okay, I'll overnight a leg to you. You should have it by noon tomorrow - sent via fedex.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you are locked out. What is your account number?
Thank you. Please stand by while I research this
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
thank you, please stand by, while I research this.
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry you're having this issue. What's your account number
thank you. Please stand by while I research this
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you were locked out. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Thank you. Please give me a minute while I review this order
I'm sorry this happened. I see the error in the delivery and can have it delivered to you by the end of the day. Does that wor4k
work
You are welcom
e
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
For verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email
Are you still there ?
Okay, I've given the account a temp password, please check your email for instructions to create a new one
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
Please let me research this. Standby.
I do see that it was delivered and left without a signature. Please confirm that there was no note left by the delivery company
Okay, I've opened a ticket of inquiry. I will get it resolved as quickly as possible.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I've pulled up your order and see that it was mistakenly delivered.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
Please let me research this. Standby.
I do see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. Please confirm there was no note left but the delivery company
I do see that it was delivered but I see that it was signed for. The signature is not legible.
Okay. I will open a letter of inquiry with FedEx. I will get it resolved and reach out to you via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
You're welcome
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone numner?
Thank you Jose, give me one moment while I look what is wrong
Looking at your account it seems that some one reported this number as stolen?
The account is currently suspended... are you aware of this?
The easiest way for me to resolve this is to verify that I am indeed speaking to the correct person. Would you feel comfortable give personal information?
Otherwise you will need to go into a mobile store of ours and they will assist you
This information is good, only things else I would require is the last 4 digits of your social security number
Thank you for confirming this. I have activated your account.
I have also created a ticket for further investigation.
No problem Jose.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Bill, let me try and assist you.
Have you looked around the house and premises to see if any notes were left?
Interesting. Let me pull up the details...
one moment please. I would like to establish who delivered the package.
OK, I have tried to contact Bob, the person responsible for the delievery
But he is not answering right now.
The only thing I can do now is create a ticket for further investigation.
The investigation process typically takes 24 hours to complete
Hello?
If for some reason we are unable to resolve this we will gladly replace the package
I do apologies for this.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Well, someone outside may have gotten on. I suggest you change your password and user name then reboot your devices.
is there anything else I can assist you with
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your order number?
I see that it was delivered. I see it was signed for but the signature is illegible.
Okay, I've opened a letter of inquiry with FedEx. You will be contacted via email.
You're welcome
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Sure, I can upgrade to the Platinum speed. It will be an extra $14.95 a month
Okay, done. Is there anything else I can help with
have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down? Have you tried rebooting your router? if not, please do so now
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I suggest that you change your password and username, then reboot all your devices. that should help. If it doesn't please reach back out to us
Great, is there anything else I can do for you?
have a great day
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Yes, they've gotten on your wifi. I suggest you change your password then reboot all your devices.
You are welcome
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the order. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds
Yes, of course it does. I will check with my supervisor
I can offer you a credit of the $100 but not a refund
great. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. use code 20%
You're welcome
Hey Bill, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart the modem ?
If you would like, I can run a diagnostics on your router to see what is going on?
Standby, while I do this
OK I have your modems status in front of me. I see that you are syncing with the exchange at the expected speed. I do however notice you have 10 devices connect currently?
Are all these devices yours?
This could result in slow internet sometime. I would recommend you do not activate automatic update.
Either than that, I believe things are sorted?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Dustin, I will be able to assist you with this.
Great, thanks.
Let me pull up the information quickly...
OK I have your account in front of me. I see there were multiple attempts.
I will be able to help you resolve this and give you access in no time
I would just need some personal information to verify that I am speaking to the correct person
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number, date of birth and last 4 digits of your social security number?
I would just need your date of birth also.
Great, let me just run this against the system
Great Dustin, you have been authenticated.
I will be able to reset your password and send you an email with instruction on how to proceed
OK you should receive the email within the next couple of minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number?
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
I will overnight a bookshelf to you.
You're welcome
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Oh, I see that you were actually delivered a 4-high book shelf. Have you started to assemble it yet?
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Oh okay. Upon further investigation I see you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
Yes. Absolutely. Have you started to assemble the one you have yet?
Okay. I'm sorry for the error. You can keep that bookshelf and I will send you out another one
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
hmmm, I see that we sent you out a 4-high bookshelf in error. have you started to assemble it yet?
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome
I can assist you with this. what's the order number?
I pulled up your account. Is it the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Hmmm, I see that we actually sent out a 4-high bookshelf.
have you started putting it together yet
Okay, I will have it overnighted and they will also pick up the 4-high.
Is there anything else I can assist youwith
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your order number
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry with FedEx and get it resolved as soon as possible
Someone from our team will get back to you by the end of the day
Is there anything else that I can assist you with
You're welcome. We'll get it resolved quickly
What is the cell number associated with the contract
Okay. I see the order. The customer name as Jose Alvarez. Is that you?
Sorry, please confirm that is not you
Okay. thank you for that information. I have suspended that number and will open a ticket for investigation
Please log on to fraudalert.com and sign on with that cell number. Once on, please confirm that this was not your order.
I'll wait.
Great. Someone from the fraud team will follow up with you
You're welcome.
I'm sorry that you're having this issue. What's your account number. I can assist you
thank you for that information
Have you tried rebooting your router
good. Let me know if that helps
Okay, that's GREAT! It's nice when things can get resolved quickly. Is there anything else that I can assist youwith
You're welcome.
Sure. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
For verification purposes please verify your address, your birth year and email
Okay, I have verified your information and set up a temp password. Please check your email for instructions to set up a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry about that. What's your order number
Let me look into this. Stand by
Okay. You ordered the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
hmmmm, I see that we actually sent you a 4-high. Since you already put it together you can keep that and we'll send out the 5-high overnight.
Can I help you with anything else
You are welcome. thanks
I'm sorry to hear this. what's your order number
I see that we did deliver it with no signature
I will open a ticket of inquiry. the team will reach out to you once it's resolved.
thank you. Have a great day
Sure. I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
Which table did you receive?
Okay. I see that yours was delivered to the address that the black one should have gone to. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will have it delivered by 7p this evening. Is that okay
You're welcome.
I'm sorry about this. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reset your router?
Great. I'm happy that it was resolved so quickly.
I noticed that there is a balance due on your account. Can I take care of that for you today?
okay , I will charge the $50 due to the card on file
It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
Yes, I'm happy to help. what's your cell number ?
Please standby as I review your account
Okay. I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try to put it thru again?
Okay, I sent it through but it was declined again. I have your card ending in 5698 and expiration as 2/15. do you have a new card?
Ok.
I've entered $150 on the new card. It worked. Is there anything else I can do for you today
You're welcome
You're service will be back up in about 10 minutew
minutes
I'm sorry to hear that. what's your order number
Please confirm that you ordered the 5-shelf bookshelf in Oak
I see. Hmmm, It seems that we sent you the wrong one. did you start putting that together yet?
Okay, great. I will overnight the correct shelf and the delivery company will pick up that one.
You're welcome.
Good afternoon. I'm happy to help. What's your new address
Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do service that area. I have the next appointment available on March 9th does that work
great. You're confirmed for march 9th between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
You're welcome. have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. What's your account number and username?
thank you for that information.
I see the order on March 1st. It was made with your username. The company doesn't offer refunds for online orders
Yes, I do see that you area long time customer. I will put a manager on with you. Please stand by
Hello Greg, I
I'm Jean. I see that you have a $100 charge on your account. You are a long time customer and frequently order from us. I will refund that money and offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Use code 10%
You're welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username. I have logged a ticket with our security team
You're welcome
Welcome. I'm happy to help you. What's your new address
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we so. the next appointment available is March 9th. Does that work
Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 8p on the 9th
Great. You're confirmed for March 9th . Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Hello. I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number and name of your event
Love them! Let me look up your account
I see the order but I see that you have two different tickets at the same price. One in row W seat 12 and one in row AA seat 4. Which one did you want
Okay, unfortunately we can't offer a refund of the other ticket. since it seems that you ordered it
Let me talk to my supervisor.
Hi, this is Jean. I see that you are a very loyal customer and use our site often. I can't refund the ticket but I can offer you a credit for the cost of that ticket
Great. I'm glad to see that we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a no fee ticket charge with your next purchase please use code 4598 when ordering
Great. Can I assist you with anything else
You're welcom
Okay.Welcome. What's our new address
Let me see if we service that area
yes we do. the next available appointment is March 10th between noon and 4p. Does that work
Are you still there
No problem. You are confirmed fo rMarch 10th.
Is there anything else I can help you with
thank you
Okay, I can help you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
I've brought up that account. It says the customer name is Jay Kennedy. Do you know that person?
Okay. I see. I have suspended that number and logged a ticket with our investigative department. They will reach out to you directly should they need more information
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to see you are having that issue. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your system
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage near by. They say that they will have it resolved within the hour.
By the way,I see that you are late making your payment . Can I take care of that for you today?
Okay. Thank you.
Welcome. I can help you with that. Please confirm your new address
That's okay, there are a lot of older homes in that area. Let me just confirm that we service that area as well
Yes, we do service that area. I have also confirmed that your home is not wired. There's an installation fee of $150. Is that okay?
Okay, we can have someone there on March 10th does that work
Great, the call time is between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help youw ith
have a great day
Welcome. I can help you. Please tell me your new addres
s
Okay, I see that there is no wiring in that home. There will be a one-time fee of $150 to install the wireing
I wish I could offer you that, but the installation is very involved. Let me see if I can offer you anything else. Standby
Okay, I can offer you free HBO for two months.
Great. The next appointment available is March 10th. Does that work
Okay. Please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help youwith
Okay Have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. let me see if there are any issues in your area
yes, I see that there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
Okay. I also see that you are overdue in making your March payment. Would you like to take care of that with me now?
yes, I can charge the $50 to the card on file ending in 5698
Great, it went through. Is there anything else I can help with
You're welcome
I can help you with this problem. What's your order number and name of event
Love her!! Let me review your order. Stand by
I see that there are two charges but that's because two seats were booked. Row W seat 4 and Row AA seat 12.
Which seat?
yes, that's the better seat. But, because you ordered both seats, I can't offer a refund for the second seat
I see that you are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything we can do
Okay. I can't refund that ticket but I can offer you a credit to use on your next order
Enjoy the concert!
No, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
That's great. I'm happy to see that it was easily resolved.
I see that you are overdue in making your march payment. Would you like to take care of that with me nwo
now
Great. I've charged your card ending in 6584 - $50. It went through \
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
great
I'm sorry to hear that I can help. what's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay let me see if there are any outages in the area
yes, there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
I see that you also have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that for you today
done. your card ending in 6998 has been charged $50. is there anything else I can assist with
You're welcome
I can help you with this. When did you last reboot?
Please try it now
Great. I see that you are overdue in making your March payment would you like to do that with me now
Done. Charged $50 to card ending in 5588
thank you
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
Let me check available flights
there are two flights one at 6p and one at 6p do either of those work
Okay your confirmed on the 6p. Please look in your inbox for your flight confirmation. I'll wait
Great. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
Let me check available flights
There are two departing flights tonight 6p and 8p. Do either of those work
Great. And because you're a Gold Charter member there's no extra fee. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation. I'll stand by
Great. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm sorry. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I see that you were in fact double billed. I'm sorry about that. I've credited your account but it may take up to a week to hit your card. I'd like to offer you two free light up toys. Please see your inbox for the coupon
have a great time!
Love John Legend! What's your order number?
I see that you ordered twice. Seats 13 and 14 in row W and Seats 15 and 16 in row AA
Unfortunately, because you ordered both, I can't refund the tickets
You are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
I can credit you the amount to use on your next purchase but I can't refund the money
Great. I'm glad you
are happy with that resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Hey Jose, I am sorry for this.
It was a pleasure helping you, Have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist. What's the order number and event name
Okay. I see that you ordered tickets for two different seat groupings. Row AA seats 13 and 14 and Row W seat 3 and 4
You are a loyal customer we don't give refunds but let me see what we can do
I can credit you that amount but I can't refund that money
You are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything I can do
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
I am back online.
Ok I have checked with my supervisor. Seem he is happy that we make the refund to you
One moment while I process the refund
Ok your credit cards has been refunded, the balance should be visible within the next 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you
I will try and get you out... what's your flight number?
Okay, we have a flight out of Hartford at 5p this evening. Does that work
Yes sir. Also, I see that you are a Platinum Member so I can upgrade you to first class for free.
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Ok your flights are booked, you should be receiving an email soon:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jose, I am sorry to hear this. Let me assist you with getting back home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with your flight number ?
Ok, one moment while I pull this flight details
OK I see you are in luck, that specific flight was also canceled due to the snow.
I will be able to book you a new return flight.
The next available flights at 6pm and 9pm
OK let me try book this for you.
OK I have two seats available, One is a window seat the other is on the ilse
Which would you like?
Great, one moment while I do this..
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
Ok, I wil standby.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Marie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the flight number which you missed?
One moment while I pull up this information.
OK, great news... it seems this flight was also canceled due to the weather.
As a result, I would be able to book you a new flight free of charge?
The next available flight is between 6pm and 9pm
Sorry I mean is at 6pm and 9pm
Great, let me book that for you...
Would a window seat work for you?
Great. One moment while I book this.
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
hello. Great. I got it and the ping
great
is there anything else I can help you with today
sorry. right
Good afternoon Matt. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me confirm that we service that area
Yes, we do offer service in your area.
The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
We are on the same page!
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th.
Is there anything else I can help you with todau?
today
You're welcome. Have a good rest of your day.
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Yes, I see that there is an outage nearby. I am told it should be resolved within the hour.
You're welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Okay. Thank you.
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. What's your order number?
Great. Let me take a look
I see that you were double billed. I will refund the second billing.
The refund should hit your account in two days
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert
So sorry that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you. What was your flight number?
Thank you. I see that you are in Boston. The next flights available are 7p tonight or 7a tomorrow morning. Do any of those work for you?
Great. As it turns out your current flight was also canceled so I can put you on this flight at no additional charge.
Please check your inbox for your flight confirmation. I will hold
Great. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome
Good morning Marideth. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Is there any apartment number?
Okay, Thank you for that information. Let me see if we can service your area.
Yes, we do service your area. The first available appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
It depends on the package that you choose. Please look online for what we offer and choose the best plan for you.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon for the service.
Okay, great I will update your information.
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, Did you see my previous posts?:
No Problem. Have a great day
You're welcome
Good morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
Thank you. Is there an apartment number?
Okay, great. Let me see if we service that area
Yes, we do service that area. The next appointment is March 9th. Does that work
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p?
Great. You are confirmed for installation on March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I do see that there is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I can credit you for the day but can't credit it you for the month. I see that you're on the premium plan - It will show the credit on your next bill.
You're welcome. Please contact us if you don't see the cable back on in the hour
Have a great dayh
Good Morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
We do service that area. The next appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you are having an issue. I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I'm sure he'll do his best! Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your order number
I see the order for the two tickets and see that you were double billed. I'm not sure but it may have been a keying error. I've credited back the extra payment. You should see the refund in two days
Thank you.
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. Which flight number and what is your departure city
I will see what I can do. Please stand by
I see two flights that will get you to Waikiki by 4p. There is one leaving at 9a and another at 11a. Which works for you
Great. You are confirmed for 11am flight W234. I also see that you are a Platinum Member with us. I can upgrade you for an additional $50. There is no fee for the regular change
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your email for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe flight
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Is there an apartment number?
Great. Let me see if we service that area
You are correct. There is no wiring. There will be a $125 installation charge. We can bill you over 3 months if that helps.
The earliest appointment is March 9th. Does that work?
okay. Would you like 9a to noon or 4p to 8p?
Okay. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Hi Bill. I'm sorry you had this issue. What's your order number and event name?
Thanks. I see the order and yes, unfortunately you were double billed. I apologize for that inconvenience.
Yes, you should see the refund in two days,
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcom
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, Please do that now and let me know if that works
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve the problem quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is the flight number you missed and what was your departure city
Okay, I see two flights leaving Aspen today. Would you prefer 11a or 2p
Okay. I also see that you are a Platinum Member. I can offer you an upgrade to First Class. Would you like to do that?
Great. You are all set. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I will wait.
Have a safe flight. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome
Okay. I
am sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says is should be resolved within the hour.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to pay that how with me over the phone?
Yes, there is a card on file. Please confirm that I can put through a charge for $50
Done. Your confirmation number is 65842264
You are welcome.
I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
Okay. I pulled up your order. It looks like you have two orders. There's one in Section G Row 15 seats 12 an 13 and one for Section B Row 12 seats 3 and 4.
Hmmm. Well since the order is on your account. I'm not sure what we can do. Please stand by
I see that you are a long standing customer on your site and that you order tickets often. I can't refund that money but I can credit that amount to a future order.
Thank you. It's hard for me to tell. You can text our site security department 18005556989 and perhaps they can confirm.
I can also offer you 20% off your next ticket order. Use code 20%
Please enjoy the discount. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
I've pulled up that order and see that you ordered the two tickets and that you were double billed. I apologize for that error and will credit your card on file for that amount.
You should see the refund in two days. And, because of this error we'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase. Please use code 20%
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day and enjoy the concert
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
What's the flight number you missed and the name of the passengers?
Sure. I'm looking now.
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
Great. I also see that you're a Platinum Member Flyer so there is no additional charge for the flight change.
You are confirmed on Flight 567 departing at 4pm today. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe Flight and thank you for choosing United
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
Okay, do you prefer aisle or window?
Are you still there?
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Have a safe flight and thank you for flying Delta
Good morning Penny, I'm happy to help. What's your new address?
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
I see that we do service your area. I also note that there are currently no cables installed at that address so we will need to do a full installation. The cost for that is $125. We can charge that across three billing statements if that helps.
I do see that you are a longstanding customer. Let me see what we can do
Okay. I can offer you HBO free for two months.
I'm glad that works for you. The first appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th, 2p - 6p.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning Rose. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's your order number?
I see that you order the round 42" Oak table. What did you receive?
Okay, Yes, I'm sorry about that. We will your table to you by the end of the day today. Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 6p
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
When did you last try that?
Please try it again while I'm on with you and let me know if that helps
That's great. I'm happy that is was easily resolved. Is the picture coming in clearly.
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
Okay, Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service that area
We do service that area. But, I see that there is no cable installed so we'll need to do a complete install. There is a charge of $125 to do that. We can bill you over three months. Does that work
Thank you. The first appointment is March 9th
Yes, between 9a and noon or 2p - 4p
Confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your cell number, I'm happy to take a look
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but unfortunately it was declines.
Yes, I'm happy to send the charge through on card ending 6587
Done. Your confirmation number is 522465
You're welcome
Sorry, My system went down \
I'm back up. What's your account number
Yes, have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if it helps
Okay. Let me see if there any issues in your area,
You're welcome
Sorry to hear that I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I see you ordered the Oak 42". What did you receive?
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
You're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number?
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I"m sorry about that. I've issued you the credit and you should see the refund in two days.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry about this. What's your order number"
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I can also offer you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it for you.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city
I see there are two flight. 2p and 4p. Do either of those work?
Confirmed. Please see your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold.
Great. Have a safe flight.
What is your order number? I can assist you
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I can also offer you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
You're welcome.
Yes, I can help. What's your new address?
Is there an apartment number?
Okay. I see that we service your area. The first available appt is March 9thj
Yes. 9a to noon.
Great. You are confirmed. You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city?
I see two good options. 2p direct or 4p with a connection through Ohio.Do either of those work for you?
You are confirmed. Please check you're inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe flight.
What's your account number"
} Have you tried rebooting the system?
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I can help you. What's you're order number'
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I have credited your account. You should see the refund in two days
You're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discoutn on your next purchase Use code 20%
Have a great Day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on the March 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try to put it through again?
Okay, I put it through. Stand by for confirmation
It went through. You're service should be back up withing 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Your confirmation number is 3214555
Hey Greg, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you. I am pulling up your information quickly.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes. I can do that. Stand by
It went through. confirmation number 412524
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Are you still there?
Okay, no problem.
Hey Rose, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number of the invoice?
Standby, while I pull up the information.
Ok, I see this contract is newly opened and it is indeed under your name. What I can do is suspend it while we make further investigation into how this happened
It has been suspended. The investigative team will reach out to you if they need more info.
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number
Okay I see the order and the double billing. I apologize for the inconvenience. I've credited your account and you should see it within two day
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day and enjoy the concert
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
Did you try rebooting the syste,
m
When did you last try it
Okay. Let me see there are any issues in your area
There is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the $100 charge. The company doesn't offer refunds but you're a long time customer. Let me see what we can do
Okay, I"ve been authorized to credit your account. I suggest you change y\our passwork and username
Okay. Have a great day. I'm having our site security team look into as well
You're welcome
What's our new address
sorry, your new address
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
I am here. We do service your area. The first appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Does March 9th between 9a and noon work for you
You are welcome
Hey Marie, let me assist you with this. One moment while I pull up your details.
Ah, I see you ordered a oak dinning table? From my understanding this is not the table you received?
Could you please just describe the table you received and also verify the delivery address?
O in that case the it seems the system is wrong. I am sorry for this. What I will need to do is schedule a pickup order and have them send you the correct table.
lets begin with the new order. One moment while I just verify stocks and soonest availability.
Great, it seems we have in stock and we will be able to get the table to you on Monday? Would this suite you?
Great what time will work for you ?
Ok, no problem. We will also pick up the other table at this time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case Marie, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes,. I'm happy to. Stand by
It went through. confirmation number 412524Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome,
I'm sorry to hear you missed you're flight. What was your flight number and departure city
Okay. I see that we have two options. 2p direct flight or 4p with a quick layover.
Okay. you are confirmed. Have a safe flight
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you're having this issue. What's your order number?
I see your order and see that you were double billed. I apologize for that. I've credited your account and you should see the refund in two day
s
YOU're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. pleas euse code 20%
You're welcome.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I see the order for $127. We have a no refund policy but you are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I can credit the amount. Please change your password and username. I have a ticket out to our site security team
You are welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's the cell number for that invoice
The customer on that account is John Smith. do you know who that is?
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation
They will contact you directly if they need more info
Is there anything I can help; you with?
You're welcome have a great day
Yes. What can I help you with?
I'm here. What can I assist you with today?
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What's your flight number and departure city
Okay. I see that there are two flight options. 2p and 4p today? Do either of those work for you?
Okay, would you like an aisle or window seat?
Okay. You are confirmed. It seems that your original flight was also canceled so there no additional charge
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. what's the cell number associated with the contract?
The phone is listed under the name John Smith. do you know this person?
Okay, I"ve suspended the number and opened a ticket with our investigation team
they will reach out to you if they need more info.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the account number?
I see the order. I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I can credit your order. You should see the refund in two day.
Yes. I apologize and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day. Oh, and please change your password and username.
Thank you for your patronage.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
If you go online now and up date it, I can wait and then get our service turned back on.
are you still there?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 9th does that work for you?
would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed. Would you like to upgrade your package to the premium package? If you do I can offer you two months of free HBO
Okay. Then is there anything else that I can help you with?
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's the cell number associate with that invoice?
Okay, The name on that account is John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket with the investigative team.
Yes. If they need more information, they will reach out to you directly.
You're welcome
I had sent you a note back but I don't think you got it.
Please update your payment on line and I can put the charge through now
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in the area.
There does seem to be an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. What
is the flight number you missed and the departure city?
Okay. There are two possible flight today from NY to San Diego. 2p which has a layover in Chicago and 4p which is a direct flight. Do either of those work for you?
Are you there?
Hey Mark, Let me assist you with this.
Were the ticket booked under your name?
Ah, good I have pulled up your records and it seems there was a double charge.
I do apologize for this.
I will be able to resolve this by refunding your credit card.
Okay. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%. Thank you for being such a loyal customer
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm certainly happy to assist you with this. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities?
Okay. Let me see what we have available.
We have two flights. One leaves at 2p with a layover in Houston and the other is direct at 4p. Do either of those work for you>
Great. You are confirmed the flight number is 6987. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Fantastic. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" table. What did you receive?
Okay. I apologize for that. I see where your table went and I can have it delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work for you
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you are having that issue and I'm happy to assist you. What's our cell number?
Okay. I pulled up our account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure. Would you like me to use the same card on file. ending in 2526
The payment did go through. Confirmation number 3354851
Your service should be back on with in 10 minures. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
Hey Bakr
I apologize, how long have you been waiting?
Bakr, this is werner. I apologize for this. Please feel free to submit the Hit, and just leave a note that we did not respond in sufficient time.
Hey Tori, I am sorry to hear about this. Le t me have a look what I can do to assist you.
Do yo know your account number or cellphone number associated with that account?
Great, I am pulling up your account details as we speak
I noticed that the address was changed just before the weekend? I assume all transaction post this is fraudulent?
I see it totals to $104
Let me just verify with my supervisor if we are allowed to refund this amount.
It seems the supervisor, recommends that we credit your account for this amount. Is this acceptable?
Great. I will credit your account
I will however need to force a password reset, to ensure the account becomes secure again
Thank you.
Ok you password reset has been issues.
Once it is reset, You will have access to your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time. I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Okay, let me pull up your account. It seems that you tried logging on too many times. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
Great. I'm glad I was able to quickly resolve this for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I see that you were locked out. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
I just sent you an email that will show you how to reset it.
Were you able to get in?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's the order number
I see that it was delivered. Was there a note on the door from the delivery company?
Yes and I see that it was signed for by James Smith. Do you know who that is?
Hmmm. Okay. Then I'll need to log a ticket with the delivery service so they can investigate. I will try and get it resolved quickly.
I'm sorry for this problem.
You're welcome
Absolutely, I'd be happy to assist you. What's the order numbre?
number
I see that it was delivered today and there is a signature. Do you know who James Smith is?
Okay. That's not good. I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry for the delivery company. I will get it resolved as soon as possible. If they can't help, I'll have a new modem sent to you.
Which do you prefer?
Okay, I will note that. Is there anything else I can do for you today
Okay. Have a great day
Good afternoon Lilly, I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number?
Let me look that up
Okay. I've created a temp password for you. Please check online for the instructions to create a new password.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Sure, I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reboot your system.
Okay, great. I'm happy it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hey Jose, this is Werner. If possible would you mind please deleting the app and reinstalling it?
I do not believe you have done this and currently your old build is causing issues on our side
thank you
thank you for time
No problem:)
Chat to you soon
:)
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Thank you. For verification purposes, what's the last for digits of your social security number and zip code
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to reset a new password,
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you're having a problem. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your modem?
I'm sorry, I had a issue with my computer. I'm glad it was resolved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, have a great day
I"m sorry to hear there is a problem. What's your order number?
Sorry, My system went down for a moment. Let me look into this. Standby
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error. I will have another shipped overnight and put in a ticket of inquiry with the delivery department
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your account number?
Okay, thank you. I see we did deliver it in error. I will have another one sent as well as log a ticket with the delivery company
Yes, it will be overnighted to you. Sorry for the inconvenience
You're welcome have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
For verification please tell me the last four of your social security number and your zip code
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please look in your inbox for an email with instructions to create a new password,
Okay, good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
I'm sorry that you had this problem. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information. Did you order a 5-high oak bookshelf?
Okay. I will have another shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
Okay standby a moment while I look up your account
I see that you currently have 10 active users. Does that sound correct to you?
Hmmm, I suggest that you change your password and your username.
did it help?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with.
You're welcome
Hello. I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
For verification please tell me the last 4 digits of your social security number and zip code
Great. I have reset your account with a temp password. Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to update your password.
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Okay. I'm happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
I apologize for the inconvenience. If the delivery service has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
You're welcome. Have a great day
Yes, you've come to the correct department. What's your account number?
What is your account number?
have you tried rebooting your router
Great. I also see that you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct to you?
good idea. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry you didn't receive the shelf. What's your order number?
Did you order the Oak 5- high bookshelf?
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Please check your inbox for delivery confirmation.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Okay - good bye
I'm sorry that you didn't receive all the pieces. What's your order number
I just need your order number
Thank you. Did you order the Oak 5-high Bookshelf?
Okay great. I will overnight the shelf, part VS445 to you.
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reboot your router.
I also see you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct?
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Great. It was added. That should help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Did you try and reboot your router
Okay, that's great. Also I notice that you have 10 active users, does that seem correct?
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Great. I have upgraded your order. Is there anything else i can assist you with today
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you Chris. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. The next appointment is March 9th, does that work ?
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th 9a to noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
I apologize for the error and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
I apologize for the error I will overnight a new shelf to you. and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system"
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
I'm glad it worked. Happy to resolve it quickly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hello Sam, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your account number?
One moment while I pull up your account details.
OK I have your details in front of me and I see you have indeed been locked out. I will be able to assist you with this in no time.
I have reset your password to a temporary one. You'll receive instructions to set a new password via email shortly
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hey Chris, I am sorry to hear this. Let me assist you.
Where these tickets purchased under your name?
OK I have your details in front of me, have a look...
having a look...
Please confirm your order number
Thank you. I see the order and I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error. I have credited that back to you. You should see the refund in two days
Because you're a longstanding Acme customer, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next event purchase. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. For verification, what's the zip code for the delivery
Thank you. I do see that it was delivered and that someone named James Smith signed for it. Do you know that person?
Okay. I will have to log a ticket with the delivery company. I will get this resolved as quickly as possible
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with for the moment?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. I'll be happy to assist you.
What was your flight number and departure and arrival cities
I can imagine. I do see two flights available 4pm with a one-hour layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
Okay great. I also noticed that your original flight had been canceled so there's no extra charge for the change.
Because you're a Platinum Member, I can upgrade your seat to First Class for $50. Would you like to do that
Very good. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation. I'll hold
Perfect. Have a safe flight.
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. what's the apartment number?
Okay, let me see if we offer service in your area
We do offer service. I noticed that the address doesn't have any cable hook up so we'll need to do an installation. The cost is $125, I can break that up in three monthly payments. Would you like me to proceed?
Are you still with me?
Thank you. The first available appointment is March 9th does that work?
Would you prefer morning or afternoon?
Okay, you are confirmed for March 9th from 2p to 6p. Please make sure someone is home at that time
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this.What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please do that now and see if it workd
works
Great. I also noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Does that seem correct'
Okay, don't forget to reboot all your devices now that you rebooted the router .
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry your order wasn't complete. What's the order number?
Let me look that up.
did you order the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
Oh, it seems that we sent you the 4-high. did you already begin building it?
Okay, I will overnight the shelf to you.
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this issue for you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Let me know if that works
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly for you
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's your order number?
Okay, let me pull it up and review it
I see that you ordered two tickets for two different nights. One set is for March 8th and one for March 10th.
We don't normally give refunds but you're a long standing customer so let me see if there's anything I can do
I will go ahead and cancel the 8th but can only give you a credit on your next purchase.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day and enjoy your event
I'm happy to assist you here. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
Yes, I see that it does. The cost for a full installation is $125.
Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Morning or afternoon
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
We do service your area. There is currently no cable connection there so it will be a full installation. The cost is $125.
No, it will be billed on your monthly statement. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Morning or afternoon"
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Have a great day
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
there is an installation fee of $125 because there is currently no wiring in that building. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Does afternoon work"
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
You're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I have two available flights. 6pm with a layover in Chicago and 8:30pm direct flight
Do either of those work for you
Great. Window or Aisle
Great. You're confirmed on flight 656 at 8:30pm. Please check your inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm Happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I pulled up your account and see that you live in the Miami area. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Yes, please reconnect with us if it doesn't get fixed. I also suggest you reboot your system.
You are welcome.
I can look into this for you. What's your account number?
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Yes, I will add the credti.
credit
You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else?
Have great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience, I will credit your account for the missed day
You're welcome. Is there anything else
You're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number?
Okay, let me look that up
Which model did you receive"?
Okay. I see what happened to the order. I will have the correct table out to by the end of the day
Yes, they will pick it up when they drop off your correct one. I'd like to also send a table pad for the inconvenience
You're welcome.
Enjoy your new furniture
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
Let me see if we service your area
We do. I can have an installer out to you onMarch 10th does that work?
Does afternoon work
Let's do the morning then just in case. 9a to noon?
Great. You are confirmed.
Have a great day
I will be happy to look into this. What's your order number?
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Enjoy the concert
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Absolutely. I apologize for the error.
Because you're such a loyal customer, I'd like to offer you 20% off your next purchase please use code 20%.
Enjoy the concer
concert
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I have two options. One at 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8p. Which do you prefer
Okay, I have an aisle bulkhead seat. Does that work?
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 8p
Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 6
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
I'm sure you do. You're all set. confirmation number is 5544595. Flight 965
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Unplug it at the wall, wait a few seconds and plug it back in
Great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve the problem quickly. Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50. Would you like to upgrade
Perfect. I charged it to the card on file. Your confirmation # is KD5432558. Flight # 963
You're welcome. Have a safe flight'
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address
What apartment number?
Thank you for that information. let me see if we service your area
Yes, we are in your area. There is a $125 installation fee.
We have March 10th available for install does that owrk
woprk
work
Great, Afternoon or morning
Okay, you are confirmed. March 10th. Please make sure someone is home between 2p and 6p
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcom
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Okay, I see that you ordered two tickets but in two different parts of the theatre. Row AA seats 12 and 13 and Row G seats 3and 4
Okay, Unfortunately we don't offer refunds for ticket purchases.
I do see that you are a very loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
I can offer a credit on your next purchaser but I can't offer a refund. If you think it was our error, you can reach out to our Site Security team and place a complaint 1800-555-1233
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
enjoy your concer
Enjoy your concert
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your confirmation number
I see that there are two flights one at 6p direct and 8p with a brief layover in Chicago
Okay. You are confirmed at 6pm. Confirmation number 9658VX. Flight number 963. I've put you in an aisle seat.
Have a safe flight.
Hey Kendall, Let me try to assist you.
Have you tried to restart you system?
Could you please try to do that quickly?
I will standby while you do this.
Great, sometime there is a syncing problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are you unable to read my messages? If so try closing the app and restarting.
Have a great day further.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this
I have credited your account and you will see the refund in two day
days
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Thank you for that information. To verify your identity please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zip code
Thanks
I reset your account with a temporary password. Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Okay, let me know when you've reset
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number?
To verify your identity, what's your zip code?
Thanks for that information. I have two available flights. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct. Do either of those work
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
Done. I've charged your account on file. confirmation # 69141GE. Flight number 963
Sure! Have a safe flight
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number
For verification what is the last four digits of your Social and your zipcode
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temp password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Perfect. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me research this
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith. do you know who that is?
Hmmm, okay. I'll have to log a ticket with the delivery service. I hope to get this resolved quickly. I will follow up with you tomorrow.
Yes.
Is the phone number you have on file ending in 3336 the best to reach you?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Thanks. For verification please tell me the last 4 of your social and your zipcode
thanks. I reset your account with temporary password. check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Hi. Sorry, my system is slow
What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting our system?
Unplug the cord from the outlet, wait a few secs and plug it back in.
Fantastic. I'm glad it worked. I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that with you now
That's perfectly fine .Is there anything else I can do for you
You're welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith. do you know who that is?
Okay, I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service. I'll try and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
I will be in touch tomorrow. Is the phone ending in 6647 the best to reach you at?
Okay. Thanks for your understanding while we resolve this issue.
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
Let me see if we service your area
Yes, we do. Let me see if we service your area
We do. There
is an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
No, but I can offer you 2 months free HBO
Great. Is March 10th okay for install
morning or afternoon
Okay, you're confirmed for March 10. Please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon
Great Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
I pulled up your account. I see you made a payment on March 1st but it was declind
declined
I can do that for you if you like
Thank you. I've charged that card and it was accepted. You should be at full speed in 10 minutes
Have a great night
I can look into this for you. What's your order number and event name
Great. Love them! let me research thiks
this
I see the error and will refund that charge. it should hit your account in two day
day
s
No. thank you for your understanding
I'm sorry to hear this. What's your order number so I can research it
I see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. We well overnight a new one and open a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service
Yes, we will overnight it to you.
Is there anything else? I will follow up to let you know how it was resolved as well.
You're welcome
I'm happy to look into this. what's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your router
Let me look at your history.
It appears that you have 10 active users. Are you aware of theat
that
I suggest that you change your password and username and reboot all your devices
Oh boy! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you. Let me see if we service that area
We do. Thereis an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
I can add it to the bill. Would you like to split it across three months?
March 10th. morning of afternoon
You are confirmed. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon
You're welcome
I'm sorry you had this issue. What's the order number
Is it the Oak 5-shelf?
Hmmmm, it seems that we sent you the 4-shelf model. Since you already started to put it together, please keep that one and we
will overnight the 50shefl
shelf
Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the router
yes
Great. I also see that you currently have 10 active users are you aware of that?
I suggest you change your password and username
Have a great day
I'm sorry, my system froze. What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
When was the last time you tried?
Okay, let me see if there's an issue in our area
There is an outage nearby. It should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What's your confirmation number
For verification, what is your zipcode
I see there are two flight options. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct
Since you are a platinum member, there is no charge for the change
Perfect, window or aisle
Great. You are all set. confirmation 5444555RW. Flight 567
Sure. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
You're welcome.
'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
We like to make right by our mistakes
Anything else i can do?
Enjoy!
I am happy to look into this. What's your order number
For verification what is the event name and your zipcode
Thank you. let me pull that up
I see that you were double booked. I have credited your account. you should see the refund in two day
days
Is there anything else I can do
Have a great night
I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
Okay, what's the last four digits of your phone associated with this account
Let me research this
I have reset your account with temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to set up a new one
Very good, Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome. Would you like me to take care of that for you with the card you have on file?
Okay. Have a great night
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight What's your confirmation number
For verification. what is the flight number and your zipcode
I see two options for you. 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 11p.
Thank you. Since you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no charge for this change
Have a safe flight
I can look into this for you. What's your account numer
number
Did you try rebooting your router
Okay, I reviewed your account. Are you aware that you have 10 active users?
I strongly suggest that you reset your password. Then reboot all your devices
Is there anything else I can do for you
Please do that. We may need to send someone out to work directly on your equipment
Okay, let us know. Have a good night
I can help you with this. What's your account number
For verification, please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zipcode
Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great night
I can help. What's your order number
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I need to resolve the issue, The order states to get a signature
That'
is why we are overnighting you another one.
You are welcome. Have a great night
I can assist you. What's the order number
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
Thank you for understanding. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great night
I can look into this. what's our account number
did you reboot the router
There are currently 10 active users. Did you know that
I see your router has WPS enabled
that only uses a security code which is 8 digits long
I would recommend you change your password and also deactivate that
Do you require assistance in doing this?
Would you like me to stay online while you do this? If not is there anything else I can assist you with?
thank you, I hope you have a great day further.
I am sorry about this.
Let me pull up your order quickly
Ah, I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookcase?
is this true?
I understand. I have looked on the system and we have an extra shelf to send you.
I have instructed our factory to do so. This will be free of charge.
Considering that it is out fault and you like book, could I offer you a book to help fill the bookcase?
Which book would you like?
Fire starter is one of my favorite books. I have places an order and it should also be arriving with the shelf.
It was a pleasure helping you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case thank you for your time, I hope you have a great day further.
Good morning John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Okay, yes, we can. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Great. Morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Let me see if we service that area
The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you
Morning or afternoon
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th. A technician will be there between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Thank you. Is there an apartment number?
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes we do. The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you?
No, there is cabling installed. Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. Between noon and 2p
You're welcome
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thanks. Let me confirm that we service your area
Yes, we do. The next appointment date is March 12th. Does that work for you
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. - Morning or Afternoon
Okay, please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I can assist. What's your account number
Thank you. Did you try rebooting your system
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I can assist. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Thank you. Have a great day
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
Thank you, you too.
I can help you. What's your account number
Okay, have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes, there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hor
hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Good morning, Wes. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Let me see we service your area
We do, the next available appointment is March 12th.
Morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else i an assist yo uwith
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
What's your order number
Okay, let me pull up your order
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Enjoy your concert!
'I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Enjoy your concert
I'm happy to assist you. what's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
You are welcome. Enjoy the concert
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
thank you. For verification purposes, what are the last names of the passengers
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 698 at 11a
Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
Did you try rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
I see there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything I can assist with
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are a VIP Flyer so there are no extra charges. Have a safe flight
You are confirmed on flight. 458. Departing Salt Lake City at 2pm.
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 365
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I
am sorry you missed your flight. What
is your flight number and last name
thank you.Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 965
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number and event name
I reviewed your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that amount and you should see the Refund in two days.
Very Good, Enjoy the concert
I 'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
we do service your area and can have someone out to you on march12th. Does that work
Great. Morning or afternoon
you are confirmed between 9a and 11a. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
have a great day
i sorry to hear that. What your account number
I'm sorry...
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
have you tried rebooting the system
Very good. I'll stand by
fantastic. Is there anything else i can help you with today
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
Yes, It is serviceable. And, you're correct. It's not wired. The cost of a full installation is $125. I can bill that in three payments if that helps
The next available date is March 12th. Does that work
Okay, you are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
you're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
I'm sorry, my error. There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
is there anything else i can assist you with today
you are welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number
What is the event name?
Great, thanks. Let me look into that
it does show a double billing though it shows two tickets purchased for march 13th at 8pm one is for seat 14 row aa and the other is seat 8 in row w
Ok. I see that we did charge you the other in error. I will refund the other amount.
you should see the credit within two days
you are welcome,'have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that what is your order number
And the event name please
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
I do see that you were double billed. I will credit that  amount and you should see the refund in two day
have a great day
i sorry to hear that, what is your flight number and last name
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Okay. I see that we have two options for you. Today at 2p. with a layover or 3:30p direct
very good and i see that you a platinum member thank you we will not charge you any additional fee
You're welcome.
have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that
what is your flight number and departure city
For verification, what is your last name and zip code
I see that we have two flight options. Today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct
Yes, I have confirmed this for you. Flight number 654.
Please check
please check your email now for the flight information
fantastic,  have a safe flight
I can assist you with this.
what is your order number
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I'm sorry this happened.
let me look into this for you
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
thank you, have a great day
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I'm sorry to hear that. I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
You are welcome.
i can assist you with this.
what is your order number
i can assist you with this
What table did you receive?
Okay.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Yes, it will be picked up when the other is dropped off
Thank  you, have a great day.
Thanks
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
I see you ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you recevie
receive
I'm sorry that happened.
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
day
I will be happy to assist you. What's your cell number
Thank you for that information. Let me look into this for you
It appears that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure, please go online now and update the information. I can stand by and then put the payment through for you
Great, I'll put the charge through now, stand by
Yes, it went through.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm sorry to here that. What is your cell number?
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
would you like me to put the payment through for you againg?
I put it
through again and it worked this time.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this.
what is your cell number
i am sorry to hear that.
It appears that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Yes, I can, please stand by
Okay, it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
You're welcome
Within 10  minutes
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Sorry, order number
I see your ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I see the error and I can have your table delivered by the end of the day today.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Okay.
I've been authorized to offer you the full refund.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Have a great day
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the charge. Unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
I am authorized to credit the full amount. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order
Great. I'm happy we were able to resolve this
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I can assist you with this. What is your cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Sure, I'm happy to run it again
Okay, I ran it again and it went through.
your account should be active within the next 10min
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem, what is you cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
If you think you have the funds, I can run it again
I just ran it again and it worked this time
is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the charge unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Yes, we can refund the entire amount
I would also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next ored
order
Thank you for your patronage.
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number
I have found the error in the deliver.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Yes, they will pick it up when they deliver the new one
Is
is there anything else i can assist you with
You are welcome
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the cell number associated with the contract.
I see that the contract is for someone named John  Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay.
i have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation
If there are any questions or further information needed, the security team will reach out to you.
You are welcoem
welcome
i sorry to hear that, what is your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
Yes, you are.
Let me if there is anything we can do
my supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20 discount on your next order
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
i can assist you with this. What's your cell number?
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you again
I tried it again and it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
You should have service within 10 minutes
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had an issue.
What's your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
I've been authorized to give you the refund
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on a future order.
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
I pulled up the account and see that the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay, I've suspended that number.
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry. You don't have to pay anything. If the investigative team has any questions, they will reach out to you.
You are welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
The contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay.
We have suspended the account
the investigation process normally is complete within 24hours if we are unable to resolve this we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Sorry... If there's any other information the investigative team will reach out to you.
Have a great day
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I see that you are very loyal customers, the company doesn't normally give refunds on online orders but let me speak to my supervisor.
I have been authorized to refund the full amount.
I strongly suggest that  you change your password and user name.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you're welcome, have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
thank you for that information, give me a moment to look into it
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Thank  you. Have a great day
Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number on the invoice?
Let me quickly pull up your records
The contract name is John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay, I've suspended the number.
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry with our security team. They will reach out to you directly should they need any other information
is there anything else i can help you with today
Are you struggling to see thing? That you are re sending the messages?
This is known bug, We still in the process of fixing it. Please for now just complete close the app and restart it.
Okay great.
No problem
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number?
for verification please provide the last 4 numbers of your social security number and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I have created a temporary password.
You will receive instructions via email to reset it.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
you welcome, have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I see you ordered the 42" round Oak table. What did you receive?
Okay, I see where we made the error. I can have a table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you
I'm happy we were able to resolve that issue. They will take the wrong table back with them.
is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
for verification please provide the last four digits of your SS# and email
I have set up a temporary password. You will receive instructions to set a new password up shortly.
Great.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to Help you with this. What's the order number
for verification please provide the last 4 digits of your SS# and date of birth
Thank you. I see that it was delivered in error. We will have a new one overnighted.
you are welcome.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
Okay, I have set a new temporary password.
You will receive an email with instructions to reset it
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this.
what is your cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you?
Okay, I did it and it went through. Your confirmation # is 9545585.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I'm am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see that they did deliver it in error. I can have another one overnighted to you.
Okay. I will have put that request through. Is there anything else I can help you with
Yes, that's correct.
have a great day
I can help you with this. What's your account number
Let me look into this for you.
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes, I see there's an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hours
hour
you are welcome is there anything else i can do
Okay great. Have a good dayh
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I Have set up a temporary password. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it.
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue What's your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
you are a loyal customer so i am authorized to credit your account the 100
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I can help you with this. What's  your account number
for verification please provide your  birth and email
Thanks.
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
Great.
is there anything else i can assist you with
you are welcome
I can help you with this. What's your account number
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem
what is your account number
have you tried rebooting the system if not do so now
Okay, that's great. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome, have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's your order number?
i do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door i will open a ticket for further investigation.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
You ordered the oak 5- shelf bookshelf?
Okay. I will overnight a shelf to you. I apologize for the inconvenience.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' the order number?
Okay. Thanks.
please stand by while i research this
i see that we did deliver it in error,  i will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou
I will also overnight a new modem to you
grea, is there anything else i can help you with
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem
What's  your account number
have you tried restarting your system
Okay. I see that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
is there anything else i can help you with today
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number?
i see that we did deliver it in error, I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact you if they need any information.
I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
You are welcome. And, sorry for any inconvenience.
Have a great day
i am sorry for the inconvenience. What's your order number?
Okay, I will have a shelf overnighted to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's  your order number
I see they delivered it without the signature in error.
I will overnight another modem to you.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience
Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience.
have a great day
have a great day
What's the cell number associated with the contract'
I see the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
What's your account number. I will be happy to look into this for you.
have you tried restarting your system
Please try that first.
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
What's your order number? I'll be happy to look into this for you.
I see that we actually sent you a 4-high book shelf. Have you started building it yet?
Okay. You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-high
sorry for any inconvenience,  is there anything else i can assist you with
have a great day
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, let me pull up your account
i see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem. are you aware of that?
Okay, you may want to upgrade to 5x speed to help with the overall speed of  your internet.
Great. I will update your account. The charge is $9.95 amonth. Do you approve this?
You are all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order nubmer
number
Okay, I see that you ordered the 5-high Bookshelf in oak.
Hmmm, it appears that we sent you out the 4-high. Since you already started build that one, please keep it and we'll overnight the 5-high to you
Great and I apologize for the inconvenience.
is there anything else i can help you with today
okay, have a great day
Sure. I'll be happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, I will stand by
Okay, great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve it quickly.
you are welcome
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
have a great day
I'm sorry about that. I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number?
I see you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf
hmmm, it appears that we sent you the 4-high. Did you start building it yet?
Okay. You can keep that one and I will overnight the the 5-high to you.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Is
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
thank  you.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak shelf
I will over night the shelf to you.
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
have a great day
Thank you.
I'm happy to assist here. What's your new address?
is there an apartment number
Great, let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Okay. You are confirmed for March 12th and the technician will be there between 2p and 6p
you welcome,  have a great day
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you. When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
let me look on the system if i there are any reported issues
i see there was a technical error reported we have sent out a technician
Would you like mt to contact the technician to see how long it will take to solve the problem?
Thank you for your patience. We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address.
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do and you are correct. That building doesn't currently have wiring so you'll need to have a full installation. The install fee is $125.
The next available day is March 12th. Does that work for you ?
Morning or afternoon?
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
have a great day
Sure, I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
It is. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work?
Great, morning or afternoon?
Very Good. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you area is serviceable,standby.
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
Morning or afternoon?
Very good, you are confirmed for March 12th. The technician should be there between 1pm and 4pm
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Please try that and let me know if it works
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that.
I can definitely help you with this issue.
When did the problem begin?
Have you had tried restarting your cable box?
Okay. Let me look to see if there are any reported technical issues with our system right now.
I am seeing here that our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have the maintenance completed by this evening.
Feel free to contact us if the issue isn't resolved by then.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a nice day.
I'm happy to look into that for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me review the order. Stand by
I see that we did double bill you. I apologize for the error. I have corrected it and you should see the refund in two days.
Thank you for your patronage. Because of our error we would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks. Have a great day.
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the full name that the ticket order was placed under?
Okay, I am seeing that double charge.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will authorize a refund now.
You should see the refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Have a good day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's  your order number?
I see the order and see that you have two seats in Row W - seats 12 and 13 and Row AA seats 4 and 5.
Which Row did you order?
Okay, Let me see if there's anything I can do about the other tickets.
I can give you a credit for the price of the other tickets but I can give you a refund.
Great. I will put a credit for $100 on your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day>
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any problems in your area.
I see there is an outage nearby. The technician says is should be resolved in the next hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
Do you have your confirmation number for the flight you missed?
I see your reservation. I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or on flight 65 tomorrow at 12:30pm.
Which do you prefer?
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
We will not be charging you for the rebooking.
I will send you a confirmation using the same email you booked the original flight with. Is that okay?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Dan, thanks for contacting us.
Would you please provide me with your new address details?
Thanks. I have gone ahead and updated your billing address.
And, good news, we do provide service at your new location.
Sure. Does Thursday between 12-4pm work?
And, just to confirm, you will be home during that time, correct?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! Have a great day!
Good afternoon John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Okay, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th, does that work for you?
Okay, How is March 21st?
Okay, I can have a technician there on March 26th. Morning or afternoo?
You are confirmed for March 26th. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great day.
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that you missed the flight.
Would you please provide me with your original confirmation number for your missed flight?
Okay, I see that reservation in our system.
I can re-book you on flight 65 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 tomorrow at 4pm? Which do you prefer?
Okay, great. And, I see you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will be re-booking you free of charge.
A confirmation email will be sent to you using the email address on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
Thank you. I have two options 4pm or 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Great. You are confirmed on flight 632. Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
Have a safe flight.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you provide me with the confirmation number for your transaction?
I am pulling up the details of your order now.
I see the double charge on your account. I am refunding the card on file right now.
You should see the refund within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
Great. If you experience the issue again, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
I'm sorry.
have you tried restarting your system
Let me know if that works.
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi John, I'd be happy to help you out today.
Would you please provide me with your confirmation number for the missed flight?
Thanks.
It looks like I can put you on flight 32, leaving tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 53, leaving tomorrow afternoon at 5pm.
Which flight do you prefer?
Excuse me as I forgot to mention that there are no available flights out for the rest of today. I do apologize.
Hi John, are you still there?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' your order number and event name?
thank you for that information. Let me look into this. Stand by
I see that we did bill you twice. I will have the double bill refunded to you. You should see the credit within the next two days.
Yes. I also see that you are a very loyal customer and order tickets off this site often. Because this was our error, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount off your next order. Please use code 20%.
I'm happy that I was able to resolve this for you. Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Enjoy your show!
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you please provide with the confirmation number from your order?
Thanks.
Okay, bear with me as I pull up your order details.
I am seeing here that we did indeed charge you twice. I'm very sorry about that.
I will go ahead and refund the card that was made to use the original purchase.
You should see the refund on your statement within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Good afternoon, Greg. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Morning or afternoon?
You are confirmed for March 12th. Please have someone available between 2p and 6p.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
I see that are two options 3pm and 8pm
Sure I confirm you at 8pm. Flight 655.
I'm happy we were able to get you a flight. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation.
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi John, I am happy to assist you today.
Sorry to hear that you missed your flight. Let me look into rebooking you as soon as possible.
I completely understand.
I can re-book you on a flight this evening, leaving Denver at 6:45pm. Does that work with your schedule?
And, I see that you are gold member. Thank you for your loyalty. I will be re-booking you at no charge.
A confirmation email will be sent to you with the email address we have on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Thanks for that information.
have you tried restarting your system
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Riley, I can assist you with getting back into your account.
Which username were you using?
Please provide the full name, date of birth, and email account associated with the account for verification purposes.
Thank you. I have issued a password reset via email.
You should be receiving that email soon. It will have instructions regarding resetting your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to see there is this issue. I'm happy to assist you. What's the order number?
Let me take a look at the order.
I see that you were double billed,  I will credit your account.  You should see the credit in two days.
I apologize for the error and inconvenience.
Have a great day.
Hi CJ, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is your username for the account?
Would you provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email address associated with the account for verification puproses?
Thanks. I have reset your password in our system.
You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's the order number?
Thank  you for that information. Let me take a look. Standby.
i see that it was delivered in error i will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.  In the meantime, I will overnight you a new modem.
i apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the flight number and last name?
Thanks. I have two options. 6p today with a layover and 8p direct. Do any of those work for you>
No problem. You are confirmed for 8pm flight 695.
please check your email now for the flight information
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
I'm happy to look into this for  you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me look into this for you.
I see that the person who signed for it was John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I will overnight you a new modem. I will log a ticket for inquiry with the delivery company.
Sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Riley, I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the speed problem begin?
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password on modem/router?
Okay, give me a minute while I pull status information from your device.
It looks like there are over 10 active users logged on to your internet account.
I will send you an email now with instructions on how to set a password.
If you still experience problems after setting a password, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
Would you please provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email account so that I can verify your account?
Do you remember your unique pin code that you use to set up the account?
Great. I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email with instruction on how to create a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak Bookshelf?
It seems that we sent out the 4-high to you. Since you already started putting it together, you can keep that one and we''l overnight the correct one.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Hi CJ, I would be happy to help you out today.
I'm sorry you are experiencing trouble with your service.
Have you tried resetting your modem yet?
Alright, let me pull up the status information from your modem quickly.
It looks like 10 other users are currently using your modem for an internet connection.
I just sent you an email with instructions on how to set/reset a password for your router.
If that solution does not improve your internet speed, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your order number?
Okay, let me take a look.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
Nothing. I will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company..
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi CJ, I am sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to resolve this issue with you.
Let me pull up the details of your order now.
Just to confirm, you ordered 1 oak bookshelf?
I will send over a replacement shelf for the one that is missing.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to buy you a book to help fill the bookshelf.
Which book would you like sent over?
You got it! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf, and you should be receiving both of those items shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
My apologies again for the missing shelf. Have a great day!
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
What is the username associated with the account?
And, for verification purposes, please provide the pin password for that username.
Great. I have just reset your password.
You will receive an email shortly on how to change it.
Is there anything else  can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Okay, please hold while I pull up the status information on your modem.
It appears that 10+ users are using your modem right now.
I am going to go ahead and reset  your password.
Please stand by for an email on how to proceed.
Did changing your password resolve your speed issues?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent, other than that is was delivered.
Please verify the delivery address for me?
I understand. I am going to open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
The investigation process takes about 24 hours.
If you don't hear back from us by tomorrow night, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your bookshelf is missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send over a free book for your troubles.
Which book would you like?
Yes, we do. I'll have that book sent over along with the shelf.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Will, I can help you resolve this issue.
I understand. What is the username associated with the account?
Thanks. Would you please provide the pin code use chose when signing up for the online account?
Great. I have reset your password. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Your welcome! Have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information
to verify your identity please tell me your email address and zip code
Okay. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am happy to look into this for  you.
What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me see what the issue was.
I see that was delivered and left in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
Hi Will, I'd be happy to look into this matter for you.
Would you please verify the delivery address?
Okay, I'm seeing that the package was indeed left at the door, as you were informed earlier.
I'm going to go head and open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
The investigation process usually takes 24 hours.
If you have not heard from us in the next day or so, please follow up with a service representative.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
Again, my sincere apologies. Have a nice day.
Sure. I'm happy to help.
What's your account number
Thank  you.
have you tried restarting your system
I am happy to have it easily resolved.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
No, that's okay. Let me look up the status information on your modem.
When was the last time you changed your password for the router you're using?
I'm seeing 10+ users logged on to your connection.
I will send you an email shortly with instructions on how to set your password.
If, after setting your password, the speed issues continue, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a nice day!
i can assist you with this. What's your account number?
have you tried rebooting the system
You can try. It may.
did that help?
Great. BTW - I took a look at your account and see that there area currently 10 active users. Did you know this?
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Very good. Is there any else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you out with this issue.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order now.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I'm going to go ahead and place an order for a replacement shelf that should arrive shortly.
I'd also like to send over a book of your choice for the trouble you've incurred.
Please let me know which book you'd like?
You got it. The shelf and the book are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Sure, I'm happy to look into this. What' s yhour account number?
Thanks.
to verify your identity please tell me your email and zip code
thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Look in your inbox for instrucions to reset.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now?
Okay. I'm putting $150 on your card associated with the bill.
You are welcome.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that. Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see here that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Okay, I've just put an order for a replacement middle shelf.
For the inconvenience, I'd also like to include a book of your choice. Which book should we send over?
You got it! The shelf and book should arrive next week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry about the missing shelf. Have a nice day!
Hi Will, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf. Please hold while I look up the details of your order.
Thanks for that info.
I will place an order for a replacement shelf now.
I'd also like to include a book of your choice with that order for the inconvenience.
You got it! The shelf and the book are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice dayQ
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's the order number?
thank you for that information. let me look into that.
I see that it was inadvertently sent to you and left without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
I've also logged a ticket with the delivery service to stop this from happening again.
sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you witl?
with?
have a great day
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing issues.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you received the incorrect table.
Can you describe the table you received?
Did the shipping label on the front of the box match your address?
Okay, no problem.
I'm going to replace the table for you.
We will deliver the correct table, and pick up the incorrect one at the same time. What day/time is convenient for you?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Matt, I'm happy to help you resolve this issue. Sorry that you case is missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your order in the system.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookcase, is that correct?
Great. A new shelf is on its way.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice with the order.
Which book would you like?
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will arrive to your shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Sure, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your order number?
Okay, I see that you ordered the Round 42" Oak dining table. What did you receive?
I found your table. I will have it to you by the end of the day.  Does that work for you?
Great. I'm happy we are able to resolve this issue quickly. They will take the table away when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day>
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to get to the bottom of this issue for you.
Would you please verify your cell number?
Thanks. Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see that your last payment on the account was declined by  the bank.
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
It looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be active within 10 minues.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a nice day!
I'm sorry you're having that issue. What is your cell number?
thank you. Let me take a look.
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try and put it through again against the card on file?
Stand by
Okay, I put it through and it was accepted. Your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. I am happy to help resolve this issue for you.
Did the delivery address on the shipping label match your address?
Okay. I can have the correct table sent out tomorrow for you, and I'll be happy to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
What day/time is convenient for you for the pick up?
Great. I will schedule that in our system now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi Tim, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
Although it's our policy not to refund accounts, I think we can help you today.
My supervisor has just authorized me to refund your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. What is  your cell number?
Thank  you. Let me take a look.
Oh, I see that you made a payment on March 5th but it was declined. That's why your service was shut off.
Yes, I put it through again with the card on file.
it went through this time. You're  confirmation is4590305304
You too.
Hi Matt, I'd be happy to help you today.
Please provide with your new address.
Thanks. I have updated the system with your new address.
It looks like your address is serviceable.
Can we do installation Wednesday between 12-4pm?
Great. Someone will be home during that time?
We'll see you Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to hear that. What  is your order number
Okay. I see that you ordered the 42" round oak table. What did you receive?
Okay. I see the error in the delivery address. I can have it there for you by the end of the day, does that work for you?
Great. They will also pick up the other table. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out with this today.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
While it is our policy not to refund accounts, I think I can help you with this today.
My supervisor just authorized me to credit your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Tim, I'd be happy to help you with this.
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
I have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation.
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts?
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
We hope to have this resolved soon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Thanks for letting us know. Have a great day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number
Thanks! I do see the charge.  You are such a loyal customer, I will credit yhour account.
Of course. Thanks for your patronage.
You too.
I can look into this for you. What's your account.
have you tried restarting your system
yes, please do. I'll stand by
Fantastic. I'm glad that we were able to resolve this quickly.
I see that  you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now with me?
I have put through the payment and it was accepted. Your confirmation # is 5454623879
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day>
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Would you please verify your cell phone number?
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Is it okay if I try and run your card again?
Okay, the payment just went through.
Your cell service should be back up within 10 mins.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Alright. Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the contract?
Sorry Somesh, not your number, but the one on the contract that you didn't open.
Okay, I have suspended the account for the contract you didn't open.
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts from this fraudulent contract?
I have created a ticket to further investigate this issue.
Someone from our company will contact you if we require more information on your end.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a great day!
what is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay, I will take a look...
I see the contract was assigned to Jose Coppola. You didn't authorize this?
please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. Let me research this...
I see calls made from the town associate with your name but since you said that it is not yours, I will suspend the number.
i will also open an investigation into the matter which the fraud department will be handling they will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
You're welcome. Have... a... great... day!
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Please provide the confirmation number for your order.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Please verify the name on the order.
I do see that you were double charged. Again, I apologize for this.
I am going to go ahead and refund the credit card we have on file.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to look into this for  you What's  your account number
Okay, let me take a look.
i see the charge,  unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
I do see that you are very loyal customers. I will speak to my supervisor.
I am authorized to give you the full refund.
Also, we see that there has been a breach to our system. Our site security team is on it. I suggest that you change your password and username.
Because of this we'd also like to offer  you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code. 20%. Is there anything else I can help you With?
You are welcome. have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
Okay great... stand by
I see two options. One at 4pm with a layover and one at 6:30 direct. Do either of those work for you?
Great. You are confirmed on flight 348 at 6:30. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice your received?
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct>?
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended the account.
I'm also creating a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you seen any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That is a good idea.
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" dining table. What did you receive?
Okay,I'm sorry that you had this issue. Let me look into this.
I see what happened and apologize for the inconvenience. I will have the table to you by the end of the day
They will also pick up the table you have there now.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
Sure, I can help. What's your account number?
to verify your identity please tell me your favorite color and answer the security question - what was the name of your best friend growing up.
Thank you for that information. I have reset the account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with the details to reset it.
Okay great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your phone number for me?
Thanks. I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Sure. Let me try now.
Alright. It looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for the inconvenience, and have a nice day!
I am happy to assist  you. What's the order number"
Okay, let me take a look, please stand by
i see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. i will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
there was no signature the Delivery person left it at the door.
The delivery company knows to make sure someone is there to sign for it.
Have a good evening.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your  business!
Although we don't usually refund accounts per company policy, I believe we can help you out today.
My supervisor has just authorized a refund for $100.
You should see that refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry for the trouble. Have a great day!
yes, I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number"
i see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem. Are you aware of that?
Yes, I suggest that you change y our password. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
That should help your speed issues. You can also upgrade to 5X faster speed. Would you like to do that for $9.95 a month?
Okay, I have updated your account. I don't need to charge your card. It's on your monthly bill
anything else for today
Have a good rest of you day.
I will look into this for you. What's the order number?
are you still there
i see you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you didn't get the deluxe. I will have it out to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
They will also pick up the one you received.
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear about this.
Let me help get to the bottom of the issue.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the invoice you received?
And, just to confirm, you did not open up this account, correct?
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to your account that are associated with the invoice?
Okay. That's good to hear.
Someone from our team will be contacting you in the event that we need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing 2 shelves from your bookcase.
Please hold while I pull your account details.
I see that you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
Okay, great. I will go ahead and send out 2 replacement shelves for you.
I'd also like to send out a book of your choice for the inconvenience this has caused you.
You should expect the shelves next week.
Which book would you like me to send over?
Great choice!
Both the shelves and the book are on their way.
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a nice day!
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your cell phone number for me?
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
It looks like your last payment didn't go through.
Sure.
Alright, it looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, it should be back up in the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you with this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
Great. Would you also provide the 4-digit security pin for this account?
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should be receiving an email soon with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we might be able to help you today.
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Bye!
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a piece from your bookshelf.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
I see you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Okay. I will go ahead and send out a replacement shelf this afternoon. You should receive it early next week at the latest.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to throw in a book of your choice with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry again, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I would be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice?
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account? Correct?
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
Good to hear. You're all set. Should we need any more information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are having internet trouble.
When did the speed problems begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Okay. Please hold while I access your modem, and retrieve the status information from it.
It looks like 10+ users are using your internet connection.
When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I have just reset your password again
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Please confirm that you have received the email.
Great, let me know if changing your password helps with the speed issues.
Yes, it is recommended that you change your password often to protect you other users logging on to your modem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble logging on to your account.
What is the username associated with the account?
Thanks. Please wait while I pull up your account details.
Would you please provide me with the 4-digit security pin used when registering your online account?
Thanks. I have reset your password. You should receive an email shortly with instructions on changing your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hey Jeramey, I let me assist you with this.
Have you looked around your premise for a note of some sort?
let me quickly pull up your records...
OK I see the person which was responsible for the delivery was Bob. Let me try and contact him quickly.
Ok, I have gotten hold of Bob. He mentioned that he did initially  leave the modem in front of your door but after climbing in the car he realized he made a mistake.
He still has your package. This is our mistake. He shold have left a message.
Are you going to be around the house in just over a hour?
He apologizes  and will make the effort to get the package to you within the next hour.
I am sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case have a great day further
Hey Rachel, I am sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do to assist you.
Could you just verify your address?
Great, pulling up the records....
Ok seems Mary was responsible for the delivery. Standby while I contact her and find out what is going on.
OK I have just gotten off the phone with Mary. She mentioned she made a mistake. She still has your package.
She has also committed  delivering it within the next hour and a half
would this work for you?
I do apologize for this inconvenience
You should have your modem within the next hour or so. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Bye:)
Let me have a look if I can help you resolve this. Slow internet is really frustrating.
I think the first thing I would like to just check is when last have you restarted the modem?
Ok, in that case let me run a system diagnostics from my end. Standby...
OK looking at your system, it seems people have been brute forcing your WPS authentication protocol. They have also gotten right.
I see in the past week 15 devices have been registered to your modem.
They all seem very active
Ok, one moment while I change some settings.
Ok, what I have done is disabled WPS. This is a very insecure protocol. What I will need from you is to log into the router and change your password also.
Are you able to do this or do you need me to guide you through the process?
Great. Ah I see only 3 devices now. Your TV, laptop and cellphone.
Would you like to test the speed?
Great, in that case. I hope you enjoy streaming series and movies:)
Hey Jeramey. This seems like a really easy problem to fix.
Looking at your records, I see you ordered the  five shelf bookcase deluxe?
Give me one moment while I verify stock and shipping details...
Great, done. Your new shelf should be arriving on Wednesday.
is there anything else I can assist you with
in that case I hope you have a great day further
Hey backj
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please hold while I check if your new address is serviceable.
Okay. It looks like we can get install at the new address.
Okay to set up an installation appointment tomorrow at noon?
Someone needs to be home for the appointment.
Great. You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
May I please have your new address.
Thank you.
Please hold while I confirm if your new address is serviceable.
Great news. Service is available at your new address.
Okay to set up an installation appointment this Thursday at noon?
Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Okay then. You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
Good morning Jose . I am happy to assist you with this.
Let me see if
Let me see if we service that area
yes we do service your area. I can have a technician out to you on March 13th. Does that work for you?
Great . morning or afternoon
Okay , you are confirmed for March 13th between 9a and noon.
Is there any thing else I can help you with today>
You are welcome have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the TV channels stop working?
Have you tried rebooting the cable box?
Okay, please hold while I check for any reported technical issues.
I see there is a reported technical issue. Our system is down for maintenance.
We hope to have service back up and running by this afternoon.
If, by this afternoon, you still are having trouble, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I am happy to look into this for you
What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay , let me see if there are any issues in your area
There does seem to be an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great dayh.
day.
I am happy to assist you with today.
What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address at your new apartment?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Please hold while I check if we provide service at your new address.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
May we come to install this Wednesday between 12-4pm work?
Just to confirm, someone will be home during that time?
Okay then. You are all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Jose , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What was the confirmation number for your order?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
Okay, I see here you were double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Same to you.
I am happy to look into this for you.
What is your order number?
Thank you. I've pulled up your order. Please confirm the event name.
Okay great . Thanks . I see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this problem. I have credited your account.
You should see the refund in two days.
Enjoy the concert.
You are welcome.
Hi Bill, I am sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for your order?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see you here you were indeed double charged.
I will go ahead and authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry again for your troubles, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Any luck?
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and name of passenger?
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have avaialable.
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
Okay , flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat
Check your inbox for the confirmation
Great . Have a safe flight.
you are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What is your flight number and passenger name?
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have available.
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
Okay , no problem . You are confirmed for the 2pm flight number 965.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
Have a safe flight.
you are welcome
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address of your new apartment.
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please hold while I confirm if service is available in that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Does this Thursday between 12-4pm work?
Yes, we can do this Friday morning from 8am-10am. Does that work?
Great. We'll see you then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Greg , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I do see on our system that you were indeed double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
You should see the refund in two days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address of your new apartment?
Thank you.
I have updated our system with your new address.
Please hold while I confirm if we service that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
At this time, I'd like to set up an installation appointment.
How does thursday between 12-4pm work?
You're all set then. We'll see you this Thursday.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.

What is your flight number and passenger name?
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
I see that we have two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
Do either of those work
you are confirmed for 11am flight w234.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number.
Have a safe flight.
I am happy to assist you . what is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay , Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Let is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am happy to assist you.
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes , I see that it is . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you?
Yes , we have noon to 4p . Please confirm that someone will be available.
Great . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay. Thank you.
Hi Marie, I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with our cable service.
I'm happy to help you.
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Okay. Let me look to see if we are experiencing any technical issues on our end.
Alright, it looks our system is down for scheduled maintenance right now.
We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
If you are still experiencing issues by this afternoon, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
What was the confirmation number for the missed flight?
Thank you.
I can put you on flight 63 tonight at 6pm ,or flight 72 tomorrow morning at 9am. Both flights have the same itinerary as the original.
Because of your gold status with us, I am going to make the change free of charge.
Thank you for your loyalty.
Your next ticket on flight 72 has been booked. Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I'd be happy to help you today.
Would you try rebooting your system one more time for me?
Any luck?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Marie, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
I will go ahead and refund one of the charges now.
You are welcome.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay . I see the double charge in our system.
I will refund one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Same to you.
Hi Hup, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
I will authorize a refund now for one of the charges.
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
hey
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
I see you were suppose to fly from DEN to LAX.
I can rebook you this evening at 6pm on flight 65, or tomorrow morning at 9am on flight 32.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
Because of your status, I will rebook at no charge.
You should receive a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with rebooking your flight.
What is  your confirmation number?
Thank you please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
For the same itinerary , I can rebook you on flight 65 tomorrow at 9am, or flight 32 at 3pm tomorrow afternoon.
Sure thing.
I have you booked on flight 65 tomorrow morning.
And, because you're a gold member, I am rebooking you at no additional charge.
You are welcome.
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
I see here you were flying from Denver to Los Angeles.
I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 on Thursday at 5pm.
Great.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook at no additional charge.
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I'm Happy to assist you with this. What is your account number?
I'm sorry, What is your address?
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if that area is one that we service.
Yes , it is . The next available appointment is march 12th between 9a and noon.
Does that work for you?
are you still there?
Great. You are all set.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your account number?
Thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps.
Great . I am glad that we were able to resolve this issue for you so easily.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to take care of that for you today?
Okay , no problem . Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that you had an issue . What is your order number?
Thanks for that information . Let me look into this for you.
I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error.
I have refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Enjoy the concert.
Hi Lilly, I am sorry that you were sent the wrong table.
I am happy to help sort this out for you.
Would you please describe the table you received?
Would you check the shipping label on the box to confirm that your address was on there?
Thank you.
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
I would also like to schedule a pickup order.
What time is convenient for you?
Great. We will pick up the incorrect table tomorrow after 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I apologize that you didn't get the right table. What's your order number?
Are you still there?
thanks . I found the error in the delivery address. I can have it to you by 2pm today. Does that work?
Great . They will also pick up the other table.
Yes, that's true. Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your new address?
Thank you for that information . Let me see if we service your area.
We do service your area . The next available appointment is March 13th . Does that work for you?
morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 13th between noon and 4p
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
are you still there?
Have a great day.
I am sorry you missed your flight what is your flight number and passenger last name?
Thank you for that information. Let me see what we have for you.
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p .
Do either of those work?
Great . You are confirmed for 2pm . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation email.
Have a safe flight.
Hi Lilly , I am happy to help resolve this issue for you today.
Please verify your cell number.
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
So the payment just went through.
The service on your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you , and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you had this issue.

Give me a moment to research this.
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Hi Lilly, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
I am pulling up your account now.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
We have a no refund policy , but I believe we can make an exception for you.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you had this issue.
Give me a moment to research this.
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your phone number?
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Sure.
The payment just went through. You're all set.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Hi Yvette, I am happy to assist you with your relocation today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
Okay , I have updated your address in our system.
Now let me check to see if we provide service in that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
We can come by to install tomorrow between 12 and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Just to confirm, someone must be home during that time.
Great.
You're all set then. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract?
I have pulled up this account. It says it belongs to John Smith. Do you know this person
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You don't need to do anything else. If there are any questions. Someone will reach out to  you.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
have a great day
I can assist . What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now
Let me know if that helps
Great.I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly
Is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi Mohammed, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the number associated with your account?
Thank you
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Hi Mohammed, I am happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
Okay , I see the fraudulent charges.
We recommend that your change your password frequently to avoid these kinds of issues.
Although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I think we can help you today.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mohammed, are you still there?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am happy to assist. What's your cell number
Okay. Thanks you. Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Please do that online now and I can put it through for you
Yes, Stand by
It worked . confirmation number 412524. is there anything else i can help you with today
Are you still there?
Have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
And thank you for being a loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we can make an exception for you today.
My supervisor has authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Please provide me with your new address
I see that we service your area . The first appointment is march 12th.
Does that work for you
Okay. 504-555-5698
Have a great day.
What's the order number?
I see that you were double billed . I have refunded the second transaction.
You should see the refund in two days.
Enjoy the concert.
What is your order number? I will research that
I see what happened . I apologize for the inconvenience
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work?
Is there anything else I can help you with today
If there's nothing else. Have a great day.
Hi Sam, I am happy to assist you today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
Yes, of course. I have updated your new address in our system.
Please hold while I confirm that we provide service at your new location.
Great news! We have service at your new address.
Okay if we install tomorrow between 9a and noon?
Just to confirm, will someone be home during that time?
You're all set then. See you tomorrow.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Please hold while I confirm that we have service in your new location.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
May we come by tomorrow between 9a and noon for an install?
Just to confirm, someone needs to be home during the installation.
Will someone be present during that time?
Great.
You're all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you . What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay . Let me see if there area any issues in your area
Yes , there is an outage in your area . I t should be resolved within the next hour.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
have a great day
I am sorry you missed your flight . what is your flight number
What is your flight number?
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
do either of those work for you?
Okay . 11am flight w234.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation
Have a saf
safe flight
I will look into this.
one moment
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Have a great day.
Hi Sam, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
I'd be happy to help you resolve this.
When did you first start experiencing difficulties?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Okay . Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
I see that our system is down at the moment.
We hope to have it back up and running by this afternoon.
If your service is not back to normal by this evening, please contact us again.
Thank you for your patience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a wonderful day!
What is your account number
Okay what's the phone number associate with that account?
Thank you . have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if that works.
Sure. Take your time.
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Please do so, and let me know if that resolves the issue.
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hey  Mohammed, Let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number which is on the invoice?
Ok, I have that account in front of me. I see it is opened under your name. However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
I will however not be able to cancel the contract. However what I can do is suspend the contact and create a ticket for further investigation.
Once the contract is suspended, no one will be able to use the number, also no fund will be subtracted from you account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you Mohammed. It is out pleasure to help where we can.
Please for further test ensure the conversation is ending successfully before beginning with a new issue.
Have a great day further.
Hi Richard, I am sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for the order?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and there are indeed two charges
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
You should see the refund posted to your account within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Yes, I can help. What is your flight number and name of passenger?
Thank you of for that information.
We have two flight available 4p and 8p
Great . You are confirmed on flight 656 departing 4pm.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
Have a safe flight.
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to assist you with this today.
What is the number on the invoice your received?
Richard, are you still there?
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Okay, I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate this matter.
Have you noticed any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That's good to hear.
If we need any further information from you regarding this matter, a representative from our company will call you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see the issue . One moment please
I can have the table delivered to you by 2pm today. Does that work for you?
Sorry for the inc
sorry for the inconvenience . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I can help you with this . What is your order number and event name
Are you there?
Are you still there?
Hi Somesh, I am happy to assist you today.
Which flight did you intend to take?
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Newark.
I can put you on flight 348 at 6:30pm tonight, or flight 32 tomorrow morning at 9am.
Which do you prefer?
Great.
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your business.
I am going to rebook you free of charge.
You should received a confirmation email in your inbox shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I can assist you. What is the problem you are having?
Okay . What is the order number and event name?
Thank you. Let me take a look at the issue.
I see that you were double billed for that festival. I will refund the second charge.
You should see a credit in two day.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Yvette, I'm sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for the tickets your purchased?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now
You should see the refund post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I can help you with that . what is your account number?
Thank you. Give me a moment to look into this.
I see you ordered the oak 42" round. What is you receive?
It would help to know the description.
Okay. thank you for that information. I appreciate the details.
I found the error. I can have your table delivered by 2p today. Does that work for you?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery at 2p. Have a great day.
I can help you . What is your cell number?
Okay . Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Okay. I'll stand by.
Yes . Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else i can help you
with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to help you with this issue.
What is the number on the account you are having trouble with?
Hi Greg, are you still there?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this is a mistake, I can rerun your card now.
Okay. The payment just went through.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry to hear that you misse
missed your flight.
What is your flight number and departure and arrival cities
Thank you . I see that there are two flight options for today at 4p or 6p. Do either of those work for you>?
You are confirmed for the 4pm flight . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
PLease check your inbox for the confirmation number.
Have a safe flight.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Please describe the table you were sent.
Would you please verify the the delivery address on the shipping label was yours.
Thank you.
So I'm going to go ahead and have the correct table shipped out this afternoon for you.
And, I need to schedule a pick up for the wrong table.
What time is convenient for you?
Great. I will have the table picked up at 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry again for the inconvenience.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the channels stop working?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box/
Okay , let me check our system for any technical issues.
It looks like our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have this issue resolved as soon as possible.
If you are still experiencing issues by this evening, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a great day!
Hey G.I, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide more information regarding what is wrong with your cellphone?
Are you referring to  with the actually cellphone or the service?
Ok, let me have a look what I can see...
OK G.I , it seems your last payment order was declined by the bank
What I can try and to is re bill your card which is on file.
Ok, I have re billed your account.
It was successful . Your service should return within 15min
No problem , GI . Is there anthing else i can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jake, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the account number?
Thank you, presently busy pulling up your information.
OK, looking at the account I see the address was changed just before the weekend. I looking at the address I assume  you did not want it delivered to Starbucks?
Are all the transaction after this address change the fraudulent transactions?
Looking at the transactions, that totals to $103. Let me check with my supervisor if he is happy if we make the refund.
Ok, seems my supervisor says we are unable to refund the money, however we can credit your account... Would this help?
I understand. Let me see if I mentioned how unhappy you are if my supervisor will change his mind.
Ok Jake, we will be refunding your credit card. One moment while I authorize this.
Ok , I have authorized the refund , the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi there, Kunti. What can I help you with today?
I am happy to assist you with that.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Let me check to make sure we provide service at your new apartment.
Great news. We do provide service at your new apartment.
I can set you up with an installation appointment tomorrow between noon and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Okay, and someone will be present at your apartment during that time?
Great.
You're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the phone number associated your account?
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this was a mistake, I can go ahead and try to rerun your card now.
The payment was successful.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi GI, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please wait while I pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
Although we normally don't refund accounts, I can help you today.
My manager has authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
Let me pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
My pleasure.
My manager has just authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Please give me a moment to look into it.
I see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
doesn't offer.
In further looking into this. I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let  me see if there's anything I can do.
I am able to refund the full amount.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I suggest that you change your password and user name. Have a great day.
Hi Kunti, what seems to be the exact problem?
Let me pull up your account details.
What is the confirmation number on the ticket order?
Thank you.
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now.
You should see a refund post to your account within 2 business days.
I'm sorry, Kunti. I don't understand what you're asking.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have granted the refund.
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry, I don't quite understand. Please explain in greater detail.
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
Thank you for that information. Please hold while I look this up
I see that the contract is under the name John Smith.  do you know who that is?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day.
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
Okay . I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.

You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
you are welcome have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help sort this out for you.
What is the cell number on the invoice?
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Okay, I have suspended the account.
I've also opened up a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That is good to hear.
You should be all set.
If we need any further information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know who that is?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
If there are any questions . The security team will reach out to you.
Have a great day.
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
Kunti, are you still there?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you to look for a new flight.
I can put you on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm. Or, I can put you on flight 72, leaving tomorrow morning at 8am.
Which do you prefer?
I also see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook you free of charge on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm.
You should received an email confirmation in your inbox shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
We appreciate your business. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the phone number associated with your account?
Thank you.
I see that your last payment was declined.
Okay, let me investigate further.
It looks like we've had an error on our end.
I will update the status of your account now.
Your cell service should resume within 10 minutes.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry any inconvenience this may have caused you.
Have a wonderful day!
I can help you with this. What is your account number?
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please look in your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Very good . Thank you . is there anything else i can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to assist you with this issue.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
Thank you.
Would you provide your unique 4-digit security code that you chose when you signed up for our online services?
Okay, I have gone ahead and reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to make a new password.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have nice day!
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you for that information . I have reset your password . Please look for the email with instruction to reset it.
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome.
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Have a great day.
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Have a great day.
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you out.
What is the username associated with the account you are trying to access?
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Same to you!
Good bye.
Hi Jose, I can help you with this.
Let me pull up your account.
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent at this time.
Let me open a ticket to investigate what happened.
Investigations usually take 24-48 hours.
If you do not hear from someone in the next day or two, please contact us.
Yes, we have both on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Can you describe the table you received?
Does the address on the shipping label match your address?
Okay, I will go ahead and ship out the correct table this afternoon.
I can schedule a pick up any day this week.
Let me know what day/time is convenient for you.
Great.
We will pick up the table on Wednesday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the inconvenience. I hope you have a wonderful day!
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will  have a new modem overnighted to you.
Thank you . Sorry for the inconvenience,
Have a great day.
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
thank you . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
I am happy we can resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
Yes , I will set an inquiry with the delivery service
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you can't access your account.
What is the username you are using to access our online services?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are experiencing troubles with your internet service.
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Okay, let me access your modem and pull its status information.
I see that there are 10+ users currently signed on to your wi-fi.
When was the last time you changed your password for your router?
Please let me know if that fixes the problem.
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
Let me look into this for you
I see that it was delivered in error . I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting your router?
let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy this was resolved so quickly.
Have a great day.
Great!
^ What's the number associated with that contract ?
Thanks . Let me look into this for you
The contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay. I will suspend the number and  log a ticket of inquiry with our security department
You aren't responsible for anything regarding this account. If the security team needs anything, they will reach out to you.
Have a great day. You are welcome
Hi Sean, I'm sorry you received the wrong table.
I'd be happy to help you get the correct table.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I will have the all wood table sent out this afternoon.
I also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
Please let me know a day/time this week that is convenient for you, and we will make the pick up then.
Great. I will schedule the pick up for tomorrow.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jay, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your internet service.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
Please try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing   issues.
Okay, let me pull the status information from your modem.
It appears there are over 10+ users logged on to your account right now.
When was the last time you changed your password for the router?
Please change the password now, and let me know if that resolves your speed issues.
Any luck?
Just one user, which I'm assuming is you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today/
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that you are missing shelves.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I have your order right here.
I will send out the missing shelves today.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelves.
You got it!
Both the shelves, and the book, are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you with this today.
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
Okay, let me pull up the status information on your account.
It looks like there are 10+ users currently using your wi-fi at the moment.
When was the last time you changed your wi-fi password?
Please try to change your password every few months.
Go ahead and change your password now, and let me know if that resolves the speed issues you are having.
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay . Let me look at your account
I see that you currently have 10 active users
.Did you know that?
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username. That should help.
Have a great day
What is your account number?
For verification purposes please verify your address.
Thank you for verifying . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for the instructions to reset it
Great . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I am happy to look into this for you . What is your account number?
What was the order and date charge
Okay. Thanks. Let me look into this for you.
I see that charge . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I can give you a full refund.
I am sorry that this happened to you. Please accept a 20% discount on your next order.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I suggest you also change your password and user name
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.  Have a great day.
Hi Mohammed, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I bring up your account.
I see here that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
I will go ahead and send out the missing shelf today.
I'm also going to include a free book with that shipment.
Which book would you like me to send along? It can be anything.
Great. Both items have been ordered, and will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help you sort this out.
What is the phone number associated with the account you are having trouble with?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment did not go through.
Have you recently changed your billing address on the card used for payments?
Okay, so I just reran that payment and it went through with the new billing address.
You should be all set now. Expect the service on your cell phone to resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I am sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
What is the order number"
Thanks I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf
I will have a shelf overnighted to you
You are welcome, have a great day
What is the order number
I see that the deliver service left it in error at the door.
I will have another modem overnighted to you
Are you still there?
You are welcome , have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf . Is that correct?
I will have the shelf overnighted to you.
You are welcome have a great day
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's your account number
Let me look into this for you, one moment.
I see the $100 charge.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I am authorized to credit your account the full amount.
I apologize for the inconvenience and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
You are welcome.
Have a great day
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you get a new one delivered.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
It looks like you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
Great. I will have a new shelf sent out today.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice free of charge with your shipment.
Please let me know which book you'd like.
Of course.
You're all set. Expect that shelf and the book later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you with both today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system. Now, let me check to make sure we provide service at that location.
We do have service at your new home. I can schedule an install for later this week. Does Thursday at noon work for you?
Great. We'll see you then. Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day, Greg!
Sure.  I can help you. What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account.  Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Have a great day
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
I'm happy to sort this out for you.
What is the cell phone number on the on the contract?
Thanks.
Just to confirm, you did not open any account with us recently, correct?
Okay . I have just suspended the service on the number you provided.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
In the event we need more information from you regarding this contract, a member of our team may contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account. Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Have a great day>
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the contract you received?
Thank you.
And, just to confirm, you have not opened any account with us recently?
Okay. I have suspended service on that number.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Should we need any more information from you, a service representative will contact you.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I can help you with this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Let me know if that helps.
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve this issue quickly.
I see that you have a payment due as well. Can I put that through for you today?
Great . It went through . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
It looks like you ordered the oak version, is that correct?
A replacement shelf will be sent out this afternoon.
I'd also like to send a book of your choice, free of charge, with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
We do! I will go ahead and include that choice in your shipment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the inconvenience, and than you for your patience!
Have a wonderful day.
Okay. I can look into this for  you.
whats the order number ?
Did you order the 5-high oak bookshelf
Oops . I see that we sent you the 4-shelf model.
Did you start to assemble it yet
Okay , I will have the correct bookshelf overnighted to you.
Would you like to keep the 4=high at a 70% discoutn?
Great . I will bill your card on file if that's okay.
Have a great day.
Thanks
I can help you with this. what is your cell number ?
thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
I suggest that  you update your credit card information on our site and let me put it through again.
You will need to address the bank payment with the bank.
Let me look into this further for you. Standby.
Okay. I see what happened. Your payment went to another account. It was a keying error on our end.
I have corrected the information. You should see your phone back on in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Sean, I can help you with this problem.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should received an email shortly with instructions on choosing a new password.
That is quite alright.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I can help you with this. What's the order number?
I see the order and see that it was our error. I will refund the second charge.
It will show up in two days.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Sean, I'm happy to look into this issue for you.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I don
I don't see any notes from the delivery agent regarding the delivery.
I'm sorry that it was delivered without a signature requirement.
I will go ahead an open a ticket now to investigate this further.
Tickets are usually concluded in 24-48 hours.
If you don't hear from a company representative in the next day or two, please contact us again.
Again, I apologize for the mess up. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.
Your patience is greatly appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Bye.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to rebook you on a new flight.
May I please have your confirmation number.
Thank you.
It looks like I can rebook you on flight 888, leaving AKG at 5pm this evening. Or, I can put you on flight 327, leaving AKG at 9am tomorrow morning.
No problem at all.
I see that you are a gold member. We do value your loyalty, and this rebook will be granted to you at no additional charge.
You should receive an email confirming the details of your new itinerary.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
The speed issues begin earlier this week?
Have you tried restarting your modem and router?
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Of course. Have a great day! Bye.
I am sorry that you had this issue . I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
No problem at all.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
No need to send it back. We will deliver the correct table at the same time that we pick up the incorrect table.
What day/time this week is convenient for you?
Great.
We will see you Wednesday at 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your bookshelf.
Of course.
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
Okay. I will send a replacement shelf out to you today.
I'd also like to include a book of your choice, free of charge, for the inconvenience this mistake has caused you.
Which book would you like?
You got it.
Expect both the shelf and the book to arrive sometime later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome. Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you're account was hacked, and I do apologize for the inconvenience.
Please wait while I pull up your account details.
I see the fraudulent charges, and am getting authorization from my supervisor now for a full refund.
I see you are a loyal customer, and I do want you to know that we appreciate your business.
So I just put the refund through. It should post to your account in 1-2 business days.
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Jake, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
I'm not seeing any notes from the delivery agent other than that it was delivered.
Have you looked around your property for the package?
Okay. I can put in a request for a ticket to start an investigation.
Tickets are usually resolved in 24 hours.
Yes, you should hear from us via email or phone at the conclusion of the ticket.
If you don't hear from us by Thursday, please contact us again.
I apologize for the inconvenience, and thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
I am happy to help you with today. What is the order number?
Let me look into this for you. One moment.
I found the error in the delivery address. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it to you by 3pm today. Does that work ?
Very good . I am glad we were able to resolve this. Again I apologize for the error.
They will pick up the wrong table when they deliver yours.
Have a great day.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
I'd be happy to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system since the troubles started?
There is a button on the back of your modem/router. You'll need a pen or something of similar shape to press the button.
After the restart is complete, let me know how it's working.
Any luck?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
And, do you remember the 4-digit security pin you chose when signing up for our online services?
Okay, I have reset your passsword.
In a moment, you should received an email with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Please confirm that you have received this email.
Great. Just follow the instructions, and you should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome
Have a great day!
I'm happy to assist you with this. What is your cell number?
Thank you. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Should I put it through with the card on file?
No problem. I will try that again. Standby
I went through successfully this time. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
*it went through...
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you appear to be missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you ordered the mahogany bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Great. I will send out a new shelf this afternoon.
I understand how frustrating mess ups like this can be, and would like to extend a special offer to you.
Please choose any book, and we will include it with your shelf shipment.
Excellent choice.
Both will ship this afternoon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you with this today. What is your account number?
Thank you . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Okay . I pulled up your account . You currently have 10 active users. Are you aware of that?
Okay , then I suggest that you change your password and username. Once you do that reconnect all your devices. That should help.
Not that I can see. But, if you would like a faster connection. I can upgrade your system with a 5X faster speed for $9.95 a  month. Would you like to do that?
Fantastic. I have upgraded your account. You should see the faster speed within the hour/
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Rob, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I do see those charges.
We recommend changing your password at least once a month to avoid issues like this.
I understand that it seems like a lot, but it is the easiest way to ensure the security of your information.
Yes, I can refund you.
Normally we have a no refund policy, but since you have been such a loyal customer, I can make an exception in this case.
My manager has just authorize me to fully refund your account.
If you wish to file a police report, do so at your own will.
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
A replacement shelf will be sent out to you this afternoon.
And, for the inconvenience this has caused you, I'm going to include a free book with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
You are quite welcome.
Both the shelf and the book will ship today.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Rob, I am happy to resolve this issue for you.
What is the phone number on the invoice you received?
Thank you.
I understand.
I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to investigate the fraudulent account.
Should we need any more information from you regarding this issue, a member from our team will be in touch.
No, it should take no time at all.
Just to confirm, you haven't seen any charges on any of your accounts associate with the invoice you received?
Okay. Should you incur any charges, we'll be happy to refund them to you.
Again, I apologize for this mistake. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number?
Thank  you for that information. Was there a note on your door from the delivery company?
Okay. Let me look into this for you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
Yes , I will also log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service to see why it was left.
You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What is  your order number?
Let me look into this. One moment.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature. I apologize for that issue.
I will overnight another modem to you
I will also refund the delivery charge for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I can help you.
What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Oh my , I see that you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
since you already started to build it. Please keep that one and we'll over night the 5-high
You are welcome.
Fantastic. It should be to you before noon tomorrow.
What is your account number? I will  help you.
Thank you . For verification purposes please verify your address.
Thanks . I reset your account with a temporary password/
Please look for instructions to reset it via email
okay great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You are welcome.
I am happy to assist you . What is your order?
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps with the speed issues
Yes, would you like to up grade to the 5X speed option for $9.95 a month?
Okay. Have a great day.
I am happy to assist. What is your account number?
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Okay. Let me review your account.
I see that you currently have 10 active users associated with your account. Were you aware of that?
I suggest that you change your password and username and then reconnect your devices.
That should help your speed issues. You may also want to upgrade to the 5X speed for $9.95 a month
Very good . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hey Jorge, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your account number?
Ok, pulling up your account.
Ok, I see that you have been locked out. What I will need to do is verify your details before I will be able to authorize the password reset.
Could you please provide me with your last four digits of your social security number and also your current address?
Great, thank.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
Ok I have pulled up your order.
You mentioned that it was the lower shelf? I will be able to order that for you. We have in stock
One moment while I complete the order then I will be able to provide you with the details.
Yes that is part Q, you are correct.
I have ordered the part. It seems it will be delivered  in 2days.
Does this suite you ?
Let me have a look, what I can organize.
Great, it seems we can overnight
I have changed the order. It would be delivered to you tomorrow
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you looked around the house or premises to see if any notes were left
One moment while I just verify who was responsible for the delivery
Ok I have phoned Bob. He mentioned that it was his mistake.  He took you package because he was scared it would be taken. But only after marking it as delievered
He has committed to having it delivered to you within the next hour.
Does this work for you?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for that. I have updated your address.
I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box
Sorry..
I am currently trying to see if we service your area
Great, we do service your area. I will be able to schedule the technician to come install the cable.
Ok how does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
Great . I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, Let me assist you with this.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried to reboot your system?
Would you mind trying to reboot your device and see if this will help?
Ideally do a hard reset. Pull out the plug from the wall and put it back in.
I am happy that helped. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem. I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, Let me look into this for you.
Were these tickets purchased under your name?
Great, the transaction number will help a lot.
Ok I have found the transaction and I see the very next transaction is also on your card and same amount.
I am sorry for this. Let me authorize the refund.
Ok I have authorized the refund . You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Great. Thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
I 'd be happy to look into getting you on a flight as soon as possible.
I completely understand. Let me see what I can do.
Would you please provide me with the confirmation number for your itinerary.
Okay, I'll see what I can do. Do you have your confirmation number so I can look up your original reservation?
Thank you. Please hold momentarily while I pull up your information.
Okay, I can put you on a flight leaving Salt Lake City and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am, or there is an 11am flight to DCA.
The BWI flight is a red eye that leaves tonight at 11pm
Great. You are confirmed for flight 73, leaving BWI at 11pm.
Please use your original confirmation number at the airport to retrieve your tickets.
You should be receiving an email shortly with the rebooking information.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your continued business, and have a safe trip home!
Good bye.
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round. What did you receive?
Let me look into this for you. Please bear with me for a moment.
I see what happened with our delivery. I can have your table delivered by 6pm this evening. Does that work for you?
Great. They will pick up the coffee table when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks and have a nice day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round table. What did you receive?
Okay, thanks for that information. We'll certainly get you the right table. Let me see what the issue is.
I found the delivery error. I can have it to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are welcome.
Hi Corey, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your account and order details.
Would you please describe the table that you received/
And you ordered the teak dining room set, correct?
Okay, I will go ahead and have the correct table shipped out immediately.
Again, I sincerely apologize for the mess up.
I also need to schedule a pick up of the wrong table. Please choose a day/time that is convenient for the pick up.
We will be there tomorrow at 4pm to pick up the metal round table.
You can expect delivery of the correct table later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the number of the phone for which you are experiencing issues?
Thank you.
Let me take a minute to look at your account, and get to the bottom of the issues you are having.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Would you like to try a different credit card, or should I rerun the original now?
Great. It looks like the payment just went through.
You should be all set.
Your cell service should be back up and running within the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What is your cell number?
Thank you. Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Certainly. I'm happy to do that.
Okay . It went through this time . your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
You are welcome, have a great day.
Hi Corey, I can help you resolve this situation.
May I have the phone number for the phone you are having difficulty with?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined by your bank.
No, but if you believe this was a mistake, I can try to rerun your card.
It looks like the payment went through.
I have just updated the status of your account. You should be all set now.
Your cell service should be back to normal in 10 mins or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your order and account details.
I see that you ordered the oak table. Did you not receive that piece?
Again, my apologies for the error.
I can have the correct table to you overnighted.
Yes, I know. I will schedule a pick up whenever it is convenient for you. Please let me know a good time this week.
Great. We will schedule the pick up during that time period.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a great afternoon!
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your order information.
I have your account pulled up, and I see the charged you are referring to.
I also see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
We do not usually refund our customers' accounts, however, being that you are a valued customer, I can help you sort this out.
Please hold while I talk to my supervisor.
So my supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
You should be all set.
Is there anything else you need assistance with?
Thank you for your understanding, and your continued business.
Have a great day!
Of course, I can assist you. What's our order number?
Thanks . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I understand. I see where the error was in the delivery. I can have your table to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
It was our error so we want to rectify it as quickly as possible.
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You're welcomet
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does
not offer refunds on online orders
Yes, Stand by.
Hi, I'm Jean the manager. I see that you are a loyal customer.
I am happy to refund the $100 to you.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does

not offer refunds on online orders
Yes, I see that you are a loyal customer. I will speak to my supervisor.
I am able to give you the full credit.
You are welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username.
Is there anything else?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What is your cell number?
Thank you . I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to run it again?
Okay. Just a moment.
No, I can waive that for you.
your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
That is okay . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome.
Hi Gred, I can definitely look into this for you.
May I have the phone number associated with the invoice you received?
Thank you. Let me pull up the information I have in our system for that number.
Okay, so I have suspended service on that line.
In addition, I have opened a ticket of inquiry.
We will perform an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
Should you incur any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice, we will gladly refund you.
At this point, you're all set. We may call you to follow up on the investigation, but other than that, please disregard the invoice.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your understanding, and have a great day!
I can help . What is the cell number associated with that contract
The name on the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You're not responsible for this. It will be handled by our security team.
have a great day
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please provide me with your phone number?
Thank you.
I see that there is some suspicious activity happening with this account.
I have gone ahead and suspended the line.
It appears your last payment was declined.
I'm sorry Love. If you feel this was a mistake, I can go ahead and rerun your original payment method.
Good news, the payment was successful.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I have reactivated your service, and it should be up and running in the next 10 minutes or so.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Same to you!
Hi Corey, I'd be happy to help you out in sorting this out.
What is the phone number associated with the invoice?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up that line in our system.
I have gone ahead and suspended that line.
I have also initiated an investigation.
Have you noticed any charged on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
I'm happy to hear that.
Should we need any information from you regarding this fraudulent invoice, a member from our team will reach out to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
I can help you with this issue. What is the order number?
thank you. Let me look into this for you.
I see that you order the Black 42" rectangular table. What did you receive?
Oh my, that is different.
I see the delivery error.  I can have another one overnighted this evening for delivery tomorrow by noon.
Great. I will email you the return sticker. Place it on the box and the delivery service will take it when they deliver yours.
You are welcome.
Hi Kevin, I'd be happy to help you with this.
Please hold on while I pull up the details of your account/order.
I see that you ordered the oak table. Is that not what you received?
Okay, sorry for the mistake.
I will go ahead and have the right table sent out to you first thing tomorrow morning.
I will also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table. What day/time this week is convenient for you?
We will see you Friday at 4pm.
Again, my apologies for the shipping mistake.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome
Have a great day!
I can help you . What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do.
I am authorized to credit your account for the $100.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. They will invesigate it.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Very good. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thanks!
I can help you. What's your cell number?
I pulled up your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
If you think that is an error, I can try and rerun it for you.
Okay. Let me try the first.
It did go through this time. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Love, let me look into this matter for you.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I'm seeing the charges you are referring to.
Normally, in this situation, it's our company's policy not to refund accounts, but I can make an exception since I see you are a very loyal customer.
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
You should see a refund post to your account with a few business days.
Feel free to contact us again if you don't see it soon.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Brian, I'd be happy to sort this out for you.
What is the number associated with the contract?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the information we have on file for this line.
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended this number.
And, I will put out a ticket to start an investigation into this matter.
You should be all set.
However, please check your bank statement to make sure you have no charges associated with this contract.
Good to hear.
If we need any other information from you, we will do a follow up.
You should be all set though.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you.
I have your information up, and it appears that you are late on payments. Your last payment was declined for some reason.
If you believe this was a mistake, I can try processing the payment again.
I just ran your card again, and it was successful this time around.
You are all paid up, and your service should resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
I will look into this immediately.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I see the $100 charge.
In instances like this, we normally don't refund customer accounts. However, I see that you are a loyal customer.
Let me check with my manager to see what I can do.
So I've just been authorized to refund you for the full amount of the fraudulent charges.
You should be all set.
Thank you for your patience, and understanding.
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay then, have a great day! And, thank you for your continued business.
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract
Thanks. Let me look into this.
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I will suspend the number and log a ticket of inquiry with our security team.
You are not responsible for anything. But, if they have any questions. they will reach out to you.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Have a nice day.
Hi Sean, I can look into this for you.
What is the phone number associated with the service invoice?
Thank you.
Let me pull up that line in our system.
Okay, so it does look like there is indeed some suspicious activity going on with that number/account.
I have froze the account.
In addition, I have requested a ticket inquiry to find out what happened here.
Should we need any more information from you, myself or one of the my fellow team members will be in touch with you.
Before I leave you, would you please check your bank statements to make sure you haven't been incorrectly billed for usage related to this invoice?
Great news.
You should be all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold on a minute while I pull up your account information.
I see that you ordered the oak table, is that correct/
Okay, I will have the oak one sent out first thing tomorrow.
In the meantime, let's set up a pick up for that incorrect table.
What is a good day/time for the pick up to take place?
Yes, is tomorrow at 4pm good for you?
You are quite welcome.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day@
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Thanks. Let me look it up.
I see that you ordered the Black lacquer table. What did you receive?
Okay. I see the delivery error. I can have your table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you>
Great. Because this was our error, I will credit the delivery charge back to you.
They will also pick up the table you have now.
Have a great day.
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I see the $ 100 charge . We normally don't  offer any refunds for online orders,  but i see that you are a very loyal customer
I will talk to my supervisor
I can credit the $ 100 . Please change your password and username.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I am happy we were able to resolve this issue.
Hi Tiffanie, is this in regards to your cable/internet service?
Perfectly alright.
May I have your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your new address in our system.
Let me double check to make sure we provide service at your new location.
Great news . We do service your area.
I'd like to set you up with an installation appointment.
Which day this week is good for you?
How about Thursday from 12pm-3pm?
Will do.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I can help. What's your new address?
We do service your area . the next available appointment is march 13th in the morning. Does that work?
Does March 16th work?
Great , morning or afternoon?
Okay please make sure someone is home between noon and 4p.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
What is your new address?
Okay . Let me see if we service that area
We do . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work?
morning or afternoon
Okay . Please make sure that someone is home between 9a and noon.
Great. You are confirmed. fo rMaRch 13th.
for March 13th between 9a and noon.
you are welcome have a great day
Okay, I can assist. What's your cell number?
Let me take a look.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to 

rerun the payment?
I put it through and it worked this time . Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Great . I am glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
Is the trouble you're having related to your cell phone?
Okay, let me take a look at our system. In the meantime, have you tried restarting your modem?
Okay, it looks like like we are having some technical issues on our end.
We hope to have them resolved by the end of the day.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
If you are still experiencing trouble this evening, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your understanding and patience. Have a great day!
Hi Tiffanie, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Just press and hold the power button for 5 seconds, and then release.
Let me know if that solves the problem.
Any luck?
Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
It looks like we have some scheduled maintenance happening right now.
We expect your service to be back to normal shortly.
I apologize for the inconvenience . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out.
When did you first notice the issue?
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
It may. Try it and let me know.
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
Have a great dayQ
I can look into this for you . What is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. Let me pull up that account.
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team.
The team will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number?
I see the order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I can give you the full refund.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
You too.
What is your account number?
Did you try rebooting your system?
Okay . Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes , I see there is an outage in your area . The technician says it should be resolved within the next hour.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can I assist you with something?
Yes , I can help . What is the number associated with that contract?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person
Okay . sorry for the delay . i have suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team
You are welcome. They will reach out to you if they have any questions.
You're welcome.
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to help you with your relocation.
Please provide me with your new billing address.
Okay, I will check.
So that address is both the new billing and service address?
Great.
Your new place is wired, and we can come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
What day/time is best for you
Does Thursday between 3pm and 6pm work for you?
Okay. You're all set for Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Richard, sure thing.
Please hold while I update our system with your new address.
I have updated our system. And, it looks like we do indeed service your new location.
When would you like installation to take place?
Does tomorrow between 9am and 1pm work?
Great.
We will see you tomorrow. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you were charged twice.
Please provide me with the confirmation number for your ticket purchase.
Thank you.
I see that you were charged twice. My apologies for that.
I just ran the refund, and it should post to your account within 2 business days.
If you don't see it post soon, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the billing mistake. Have a wonderful day!
Sure, I can help. What's your order number?
I see the double billing and I will credit the extra amount.
You are welcome. You should see the credit in two days
Enjoy the concert.
I can help with this.
Let me look at the account
sorry , I see that the contract is under the name john smith
do you know that person?
Okay, I've suspended the number and logged a ticket with the security team.
No, you're not responsible. They will investigate.
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
Let me take a look at your account. Do you have the confirmation number associated with your purchase?
Thank you.
Okay, I see here that you were indeed charged twice.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges.
You should see the refund post to your credit/bank account within 1-2 business days.
If, for some reason, the refund doesn't post during that time, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the billing error. Have a wonderful day!
What is your account number"
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
I see that there is an outage in your area and i am told it will be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you wiht?
with?
Okay , have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help you out today.
Please provide me with your original confirmation number.
That's okay. I will search for your using the email address you submitted.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver back to New York. Is that correct?
Great. I can put you on a flight tonight, leaving at 9pm, or you can fly out first thing tomorrow morning at 6am.
Great. I have you booked on flight 63 tomorrow morning.
You should received an email confirming these changes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help.
So you just noticed this issue today?
Have you tried restarting the cable box? Often times that is enough to do the trick.
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great night!
I am happy to look into this. What's your account number?
Okay. I see the $100 charge on your account.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I have been authorized to credit your account the $100.
I suggest that you change your password and username.
Because you are such a loyal customer. I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number for your trip?
Great let me see what flights we haven
have.
There are two flight options. 4pm with a layover and 8:00 direct. Do either of  these work for you?
Okay. Great, you are confirmed. Flight number 663.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number>
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
No problem.
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with your ticket purchase?
Thank you.
Okay I see that you were double charged. I do apologize for this error.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges. I should post to your account within 2 business days.
If for some reason that refund doesn't come through, please let us know.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful night!
Sure, I can look into this. What's your order number?
Hmmm. I see the tickets but I see two orders. One for row AA seats 12 and 13 and the other for row W seats 3 and 4.
Okay. Let me see if there's anything we can do. We don't normally give refunds for online orders.
You are a loyal customer and use our site often. I can give you a credit for the second set of tickets but not a refund.
I am glad we were able to resolve this issue . Is there anything else I can help you with  today?
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help assist you.
Do you have your confirmation number handy?
Thank you. Allow me a minute to pull up your itinerary.
I see you are trying to fly back to New York from Jackson Hole. Is that correct?
Great. I can rebook you to JFK tonight at 9pm. If that doesn't work, I also see a flight to LGA at 8am tomorrow morning. Which do you prefer?
You got it.
I see that you are a gold member as well. Thank you for your business!
That qualifies your for a no-fee rebooking.
You should receive an email shortly with the changes we made just now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you and have a pleasant day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with this itinerary?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Okay Greg, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Charlotte. Is that correct?
Great.
I see two flight options for you:
There's a flight leaving at 11pm tonight, and one leaving at noon tomorrow. Your choice.
Otherwise, I won't be able to get you out until Thursday.
Confirmed. I have you leaving tonight at 11pm on flight 72.
You will receive an email shortly detailing these changes to your itinerary.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Safe travels, and have a wonderful night!
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
I see that you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
What did you receive?
Okay. I will have your table delivered by 6pm. Does that work?
Great and they will pick up the other one.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I'm happy we were able to resolve this. have a great rest of your day.
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What is the confirmation number for your trip?
Okay . I see two options 6pm and 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
Okay . Yes , you are confirmed . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat and middle.
check your inbox for the confirmation
Great. Have a safe flight.
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
What seems to be the problem?
I'm sorry to hear that.
When did you first notice this problem?
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
Would you try that now, and let me know if it helps at all?
Any luck?
Great! I'm happy to hear that. If you have trouble in the future, it's best to reset your cable box first.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business.
Have a great day!
I can help. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try and rerun it?
I did and it went through. your confirmation number is 65221855
your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist. What's you new address.
Thanks . Let me see if we service your area
we do service your area . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you>
morning or afternoon
Okay . Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight. what is the confirmation number for your trip?
Okay. let me look at available flights
I see that there are two options. 4p with a layover and 6:30p direct. Do either of those work for  you?
Okay you are confirmed on the 4pm flight. flight number 231.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see the $100 charge you are referring to. Normally, it's company policy not to refund customer accounts.
However, I see that you have been a long time customer.
Let me speak with my supervisor, and see if we can't work something out for you.
My supervisor has just authorize me to process a full refund of the fraudulent charges.
Both of us thank you for your business, and apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you.
Please remember to log off your account every time you leave your computer.
We also recommend you changing up your password from time to time.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you for your continued business. Have a great night!
I'm happy to help. What is  your order number?
Please confirm the event name.
Okay, let me research this.
I see you were double billed. I will give you the refund.
You should see the credit in two days.
You are welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve this quickly. Since it was our issue, I also refunded the ticket fee.
You are welcome.
Have a great dayh.
day.
I can look into this for you, What is your account number
Okay I see that the contract is under the name john smith. do you know that person?
Yes , I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry with the security department.
They will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with todayu?
Have a great day.
Hey Werner
Hey Nancy, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank you Nancy. Standby while I update our system with your details.
Ok Nancy your details have been successfully updated.
Let me look when the next available appointment is.
How does April the 3rd between 2p and 5p sound?
Great let me just verify the appointment. Standby
Ok Nancy you appointment has been scheduled .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Between 2-5p, that is correct.
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
Great in that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear you are experiencing problems. Let me see what I can do to assist you. One moment while I pull up your records
Ah , I see your previous payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, I will try to re bill the card which we have on file.
OK Nancy I was successful in re-billing your account.
Let me just create a ticket to have your service enabled again.
OK, I have re-activated your account, The service should start working within the next 5-10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case Nancy I hope you have a great day furthe.
Great to hear. Have a good day further Nancy.
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear about the missing part. Let me try and help you.
Standby while I pull up your account details.
Ok Nancy, I see you ordered a oak table?
I have gone ahead and put in an order for a new shelf
It should be delivered within the next 2days.
I understand, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Nancy, I am glad you are safe at least. Let me have a look what I can do to assist you
When will you like to return home?
I have two flight options available, one is later tonight at 8pm and the other is tomorrow morning. Which would you prefer?
Sure, tomorrow morning at 9am?
Seeing that we had a lot of delays due to heavy snow, will will not be charging you for this flight.
Give me one moment while I just complete the booking of your ticket.
Ok I have booked your flight.
You should be receiving an email with your ticket details
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Mr. Southern can i help you with updating your new information?
Hi I will update your information for you.
Can i have your old address?
can i have your new address
Please hold on while I get your information
I have updated your information in our system, can i help you with anything else?
I will schedule and installation appointment .
Do you have a date that you would like us to come to install the cable line?
okay, let me give you some dates, okay?
hi i have an opening for tomorrow at 1:00 in the afternoon? Is that good for you?
I also have an opening for 10:30 in the morning for tomorrow morning.
which one maam, tomorrow morning or the next day?
okay, i will schedule it for you.
Can you please hold while i schedule this appointment for you. can i help with anything else?
You have schedule for tomorrow at 10:30 am anything else?
Thank you,
Hey Jonathan I will be able to help you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
One moment while I update this in our system
Ok you address has been updated, and I see the address is serviceable.
The earliest we will be able to send someone to make the installation is April 8
Does this date work for you?
Great, will 2-5pm work for you?
Great, let met make schedule this appointment for you. Standby please
OK the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have nice day.
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with his.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank you Dannie, one moment while I update this and check if we can service this new address
Ok you address has been updated, and we do service this address. The earliest we can assist you is this on the 8th of april
does this work for you?
Would between 11a to 3p work for you?
Great, one moment while I update book the appointment.
Ok your appointment has been booked, is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Jonathan, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am sorry for this inconvenience
Thanks you for the number one moment while I pull up the details of your account
Ok Jonathan, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
What I can try and do is make a re bill against your account?
Sure things, one moment while I try this.
OK the payment was successful.
You service should return within the next 10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem Mr Schatz, have a good day
Hey Dannie , I am sorry for the inconvenience. Let me see what I can do to assist you.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, let me look what is going on.
I see the last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, one moment while I process the re bill
Ok the re bill was successful.
Your service will resume within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Johathan, I am sorry to hear that. Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Please can you provide me with your order details?
Thank, pulling up the details.
Great, I see you have ordered an oak shelf.
Is this the correct shelf?
Great, let me quickly order you a replacement shelf. Standby please.
Ok I have placed an order for the replacement shelf.
It should be arriving within the next 2 days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
Hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear that. Could you please provide me with the order details.
If you could provide me with the order details, I will be able to pull up the information I need to place you a replacement shelf.
Pulling up the information on the system.
OK I have the information and I have ordered you a replacement shelf.
It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that Jonathan, Let me help you get a new flight.
When was your flight scheduled for?
OK got it, it seem this flight was canceled. For this reason I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
When would you like to return? the earliest flight I have is 6p this afternoon
So the 6p flight works for you?
You are in luck, the same seat numbers are available for this flight. Does this work for you?
Ok one moment while I book your tickets
Ok your tickets are booked.  You should be them via email.
No problem sure, was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day.
hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
Flight number, destination and time.
One moment while I pull up the information.
Ok Dannie , it seems that flight was canceled so I will be able to reschedule you a flight free of charge.
When would you like to fly out?
I have a flight available at 6p and 9p this afternoon.
Great, would you like similar seats to that which were booked?
One moment while I book you flights.
ok your flights have been booked. You should be receiving a the ticket via email within the next few minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Blake, let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
One moment while I update this on our system.
Ok your details have been updated. I also see the address is serviceable. Let me quickly look when the earliest available appointment is.
Ok the earliest we can come to install the new line is 8 April, Wednesday.
Between 11a and 3p
Let me schedule the appointment then.
Ok the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a good day.
Hey Blake, let me try and help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I look what is going on.
Ok Blake , it seem the last payment order was declined by the bank.
What I can try and o is re bill the card which on the system.
Ok Blake the payment was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 5mins.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear that. Could you provide me with the order number so that I can deliver you an extra shelf?
Great, thanks you. Standby while I pull up your account and process the order.
OK Blake a replacement shelf has been ordered, It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you enjoy your new bookcase. Have a good day.
Hallo Blake, Sure thing I can. Could you provide me with the flight number of the flight you missed? We had a few cancelations of flights, so would just like to check.
Ok Blake, that flight was actually canceled. I will be able to reschedule your flight for you free of charge.
The next available  flights are at 4p and 6p this afternoon.
Would either of these work for you?
Great, let me pull up the flight details and see what I can give you. Would you like similar seating arrangement?
Ok I have a window seat available.
Let me just lock it down and have the ticket emailed to you.
Ok, you should be receiving an email shortly with your tickets.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
Hi Kevin
I can help you with this
What is you new address details
Kevin we have updated your address
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No problem at all I can help you with that
can I confirm a date to install the new service line system
Kevin how does April the 8th look
Great would April the 8th at 12p and 2p
Great news the transaction was successful
Kevin the appointment is scheduled\
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Great have a wonderful day
Hello Robert
That is terrible news , I would be happy to assist you
Do you have any service on your phone at all
That us unfortunate , lets take a look at your account number
Could you please provide me with your cell phone number
Great just a moment to look into this
Looks like your last payment was declined, I would be happy to re bill your account and reinstate your service
Great just let me put that transaction through again
The payment was submitted and it will take another 10 to 15 minutes or so before the payment is verified
Yes , as soon as the payment Is there the service will be back
No problem at all is there anything else I can help you with today
Thank you for calling ACME and please call again soon
Hi Patricia! Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you with this today
Ok thank you for verifying this information.
Thank you for verifying. I am going to place you on hold while I pull up your account
Thank you for holding . I have updated your address in our system.
I am checking to ensure that your address is serviceable.
I am sorry about the wait. I pulled up everything and great news your address is serviceable
The next available appointment is April 23rd, 2015. Are you available on this day for installation?
Ok great. I am scheduling your installation time for 10a-2p
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you today
Can you please provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account with your new address.
You are very welcome. I have updated your address in our system.
I am verifying that your new address is serviceable
Your service is serviceable ! The next available appointment is April 23, 2015. Will someone be home?
We can have a tech report to your home between 10a-2p. Does this time frame work for you?
Ok I am going to change your work order time to 2p-5p. Does this work better for you?
Your internet installation has been scheduled for April 23rd from 2p-5p.
Is there anything else I can
help you with today?
Well thank you for contacting us regarding this matter!
Enjoy the rest of your day
Thank you!
Hi Peter! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your new billing address?
I am up updating your account with your new address now
You are very welcome. I am checking to ensure your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable
The next available date for installation is April 23, 2015 from 10a-2p. Will someone be home?
Ok great. The installation has been scheduled
Is there anything I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Can you verify your cell phone number
I am looking up your account now
I checked your account and it looks like your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I re-bill the bank card on file?
Ok Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill your card
The re-bill was successful.
Your service will be reactivated. This process takes normally 5-10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok, great. Thank you for contacting us. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi I am certainly happy to assist you with this issue.
I have your account pulled up. Can you verify which type of desk you purchased?
I see you purchased our oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost
Can you verify your delivery address?
Thank you. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account.
I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
I am sending your a replacement
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to buy you a book of your choice to help fill the book case.
Which book would you like?
Yes I have ordered you a replacement oak shelf.
As a gift, I would love to purchase you a complimentary book.
Which book would you like?
I can send you the new Harry Potter book. Would you like this one?
Hello Kevin, are you still there?
Awesome!
Would you like me to place the order for the Harry Potter Book?
Ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hey Kevin! I will be happy to assit you with this!
Can you verify your missed flight's time, date and destination
Ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving the same day later in the day at 5p that has seats available.
Does this work for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 5p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
I will e-mail you the new tickets as I have just booked you on this new flight
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day and have a great and safe flight!
I Josh. I will be happy to assist you with this.
Can you verify your new address?
I have updated your account. I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
Your address is serviceable
The next available appointment for installation is April 23rd from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
Ok awesome. I have scheduled your installation
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your phone number?
Ok great. Thanks for verifying.
I checked your account and the last payment order was declined by the bank
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
ok great. Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill the card on file.
Good news! The re-bill was successful.
Service will be back up and running normally in about 5-10 minutes
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. enjoy the rest of your day
Hi Peter! I will be happy to help you with this today.
Thank you for verifying your phone number
I am looking up your account now
Ok not a problem. It looks like the payment order was declined by the bank
To get your service back up and running, Is it ok I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Thank you Peter . I tried it again and it went through.
Your service will be reactivated within 5-10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! NO worries, I will be happy to help you
Can you verify that you ordered the oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like?
Ok great. I have ordered the missing piece and have set a reminder to place an order for the book later today
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
You're welcome!
Hi Peter. I will be happy to help you with this
Can you verify that you ordered the oak desk?
ok great.
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
ok great. Give me one second while I update your account
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome!
Hi Josh . I will be happy to assist you!
In regards to the flight that you missed, What was the flight time, date and your destination?
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at either 10a or 1p. Which time works better for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 10a flight. Your Flight Number is  0649, Seat 4F Aisle
I will e-mail your tickets
you are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you . Have a great day!
Hi Peter. I will be happy to assist you.
I will have you back home in no time
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving today at  2p . Does this time work for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 2p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Enjoy your meal!
I have e-mailed you the new boarding passes.
You are very welcome have a great day
Hi Patricia! No worries, I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify your new address?
Thank you for verifying this new information. I am going to place you on a brief hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I have updated your new address
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
There are currently no problems
I can have a technician come to service the issue tomorrow from 10-1p. Will someone be home?
Ok Great. I have scheduled the appointment. You will have internet services in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Have an awesome day!
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear about the issues you are having. I will be happy to assist you!
Can you verify your phone number?
Ok thank you!
After reviewing your account, I see that your last payment order was declined by the bank.
To get your service back up and running, can I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Great news. The transaction was successful. Your cell phone service will be reactivated in about 5-10 minutes!
I am happy that we resolved your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Patricia! Thank you for contacting us.
I am looking up your account. Can you verify that you purchased the Oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost.
Can you verify your delivery address and contact phone number?
You are very welcome! Thank you for providing this information. I want to ensure we are sending the replacement to the correct address.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choice to help you fill the book case
Which book would you like?
Nice! I love those series of books!
Great choice!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
You are very welcome . I am happy that we were able to resolve your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Patricia! Ohh no. No problem. I am going to look into this!
Can you tell me your missed flight's information such as the  time and destination?
Thank you. Was your departure for tomorrow?
ok thank you for verifying. I checked your flight status and the flight was indeed cancelled. As a result I am going to change the flight tickets for you free of charge.
I have an open flight leaving to New Orleans today at 3p. Does this time work for you?
sweet! I have booked you on this flight and will have the flight tickets emailed to you. New flight number is 7898, Seat 4B Window
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today Patricia?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Hey Somesh, I will be able to help you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Is this an apartment or a house?
Thank you for the information, standby while I update it in our system
Your account details have been updated. I have looked and I see we can service your address.
The earliest appointment is 10 April, between 2-5pm?
Great, let me booked in this appointment.
I have booked in that appointment.
Is there anything else which I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this.  Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate on the the system what is going on.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank. Would you like me to rebilll the card details which we have on the system?
No problem. Standby while I do so..
The transaction was successful. You service should become active within the next 5-10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day.
Hi Somesh . I ams sorry to hear that . I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
ok great!
I am going to check your account right now
I am going to send you a replacement shelf at no cost
Can you verify your address?
Thank you!
As a gift I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choosing to help you fill in your new bookcase
Which book would you like?
After checking Harry Potter, they do have the book
Great news! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK aweome! Have a great day!
Hi Somesh! Sorry to hear this. Im happy to help you get back home safely!
Can you tell me your flight details such as time, date and destination?
Ok thank you
I checked and I do see that the flight was cancelled. I am going to change your flight tickets free of charge.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a and 10a. Which time works better for you?
Ok I have booked you for the 9a flight. Your new  Flight number is 8989, Seat 5E Aisle. I will email you the tickets.
You are very welcome Somesh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi Somesh! No worries. I will be happy to assist you
Can you verify your new address?
Hi Somesh. Are you still there?
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to assist you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for this information. I have updated your account with  your new address. I am checking to make sure your area is serviceable.
Your area is serviceable
The next installation date I have is tomorrow from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
awesome. I have scheduled the installation.
Everything is all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Hannah. I will be happy to assit you
Can you provide me with your new mailing address?
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure the address is serviceable.
Great news. Your area is serviceable. My next installation date is tomorrow from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
Ok great, the installation has been scheduled.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi William. I am sorry to hear you been having issues with your phone service. I am happy to help you so you can get back to normal service.
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you for verifying William
I am looking into your account now
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
I just recharged the card and the re-bill was successful
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey William. I am sorry you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost to you
Can  you verify your address
thank you
I would like to also send you a new book complimentary to fill in your new book case
Which book would you like
ok perfect. Give me one second to put that order in
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Ok awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear you have been experiencing issues with your cell phone. I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number
ok awesome. I am looking up your account
it looks like the last payment was declined by the bank. Can I rebill the card on file?
yes I can
I am trying the card now
The rebill was successful this time around. Your service should be back up and running within 5-10 minutes
You are very welcome. I am so happy we resolved this issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome have a great dat
day*
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify that you purchased the oak shelf?
ok great . I will send you a replacement shelf at no cost.
Can you verify your mailing address and phone number?
Thank you.
As a gift, I would like to send you a free book of your choice. Which book would you like?
After checking Amazon , they do have the book . I have placed an order for the book and the shelf.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi William. I will be happy to help you with this!
It's ok.
Can you give me your flight details?
ok no worries I am going to reschedule your flight at no cost
I have a flight leaving later today at 4p.
Awesome. Your new flight number is United 456. Seat 5E Aisle
awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin. Sorry to hear that. I will be happy to help
Can you tell me your flight details?
ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled  and as a result I will change your flights for free.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a. Is that good for you?
I have rescheduled flight due to being snowed in. New flight number U5632, Seat 10A Window
I will email you the new booking information,
you are very welcome
anything else i can help you with
ok great have a good day!
Hi Kevin. I will be happy to help you!
Can you tell me your new address?
ok thank you. I have updated your account
i am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
There are no problems in your area.
The next available appointment is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out. Are you available?
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment . Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin. I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you.
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I rebill the payment to the card we have  on file?
Thank you
rebill was successful. Your service will be back on in 5 minutes
Youre welcome
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok great
have a good day!
Hi Jon! I will be happy to assist you on this matter
Can you provide me with your new address
Thank you.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Everything is working fine
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
awesome
hold one second
Your installation has been scheduled.
IS there anything else I can help you with?
awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Bill. I will be happy to help you
Can you provide me with your new address?
thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Everything is working fine
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
Your installation has been scheduled.
Youre welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin!
I will be happy to help you. Can you verify the type of shelf?
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a free book?
Which would you like?
Yes we do . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Your welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
HI John I can assist you with this
Can you verify your number?
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
your welcome. Anything else?
have a great day
Hi Bill. I can help you. Can you verify your number?
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
your welcome. Anything else?
have a great day
Hi Jon. I can help you.
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
It will take 3-4 days
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Which book would you like
Which book?
ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
anything else?
ok thank you!
Hi Kevin. I can help you. Give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Can you provide flight details
ok awesome. I do see that your flight was cancelled.
I am going to get you on a new flight for free
We have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a. Does that work for you?
Ok great. I have put you on Flight a56, seat 5E window
I will email you tickets
I am happy that we resolved the matter. You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Have a safe flight!
Ok no worries. I can help you
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Which book would you like?
ok great
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi Jon. I will be happy to assist you. Can you provide flight details?
I do see here that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your flights free of charge.
ok  great. I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9am tomorrow morning. Does this work for you?
I have rescheduled you on to the next available flight. Your new  flight number is  U5434, Seat 4F Window. For your convenience, I am emailing you the tickets.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great , Have a safe flight and thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Kevin! Thanks so much contacting ACME! I can definitely help you on this!
Can you verify your new address?
Ok thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
I checked and saw your address is serviceable. I can have a technician come out to your new address tomorrow between 1p and 2p. Will someone be home?
I have also updated your account with your new address
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. You will have your internet back up and running in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Hi Bill. I am so sorry to hear this. I can help you on this matter
Can you provide your flight details?
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your tickets free of charge.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 10a. Does this work for you?
I have changed your flights. You New flight number is 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email your tickets to you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin! I will be happy to help you with this and get you back to your destination safely!
Can you provide your flight details, please?
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your tickets at no cost to you
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10a. Does that work for you?
ok awesome. I have booked you on that flight. New flight number 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email tickets to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you!
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
10a
I have scheduled your appoinment
The tech will come and install the internet
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
ok perfect. I have scheduled your appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your new address?
ok great
I have updated your account
I will send a tech out to you tomorrow between 9a and 10a. Are you available?
Thank you.
I have scheduled your appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great! have a good day!
Thank you for contacting us!
You ordered oak shelf?
Did you order the oak shelf?
Hi I am here.
Are you able to see my responses?
I will send a new shelf out to you free of charge
I would also like to send you a free book
Which book would you like?
hello?
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your new address
Thank you . I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
no problems.
I can have a tech come out tomorrow at 9a. Does this work for you?
ok perfect.
I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome have a great day!
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us!
Can you verify your new address?
Thank you for providing
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
I have checked and your address is serviceable
I can send a tech out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
I have scheduled the appointment. is there anything else I can do for you?
you're welcome
have a great day!
Hey Jonathan, Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the details of your new address?
Great, standby while I update the system with your information.
I will also check if your new address is serviceable.
OK your address has been entered into the system. I have also looked and we do service your new address.
The earliest that a technician can come out to make the installation is on 10 April, does this work for you?
So I ca go ahead and schedule and appointment between 11a - 1p?
Great, one moment while I schedule the appointment.
Ok your appointment has been booked and confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Josh, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I investigate.
It seems your payment was authorized but for some reason the bank declined it at a later stage
I do appologize for this
If you would like I can try re billing the payment?
Standby while I do this.
Ok it seems your payment was successful.
Your service should be reactivated within the next 5-10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
HI Nancy! Thank you for contacting us!

Can you verify your new address?
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
I have updated your account and your service is great
They can come at 9a on the 13th
Does this work for you?
ok awesome.
You are all scheduled. Have a great day!
Hey Kevin I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, stand by while I research what the issue is.
It seem the last payment was declined by the bank, would you like me to try and rebill the card which we have on the system?
Sure thing, one moment while I process the payment.
OK your payment has been processed. Your service should be active within the next 5-10 min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
great. was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address details?
thank you, let me enter this information into the system.
your information has been updated on the system. And it seems your new address is indeed serviceable.
The earliest appointment which I have available is on the 14 April, will this work for you?
What  I can do is put you on a list that if a cancelation occurs they will contact you and ask if you are available if you wish?
Great, adding you to the list.
OK you have been added .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi. I am happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number?
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
can i try running the card on file again?
ok, hold one moment
card worked. Service will be restored in 5 minutes
you're welcome! have a great day!
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
If you want I can try and re bill your account with the card details which are on the system?
Great, let me do this for you. Standby please.
Ok your payment has been processed, Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
Can you verify your phone numer
number*
thank you. I am checking your account. Please hold a moment
It looks like the payment did not go through. Can I try recharging the card?
Ok perfect. The card went through. Your service will restored in 10 minutes
awesome. Anything else I can help you with?
awesome thanks!
no worries
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can investigate further?
I will need you cellphone number to investigate further.
Thank you let me investigate quickly, standby please.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
If you want we can try that, but I would recommend that we try re billing your card details on which are on the system, first ?
Ok one moment while I try doing this..
OK the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
was a pleasure helping you.
Hi Josh! I am sorry you are having an issue with our product. Can you verify you purchased the oak?,
ok perfect. I am sending you out a replacement shelf
As a thank you, i would like to send you a book
which book would you like?
ok perfect . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!!!
Did you purchase the oak?
give me one moment
I have placed an online order for the new shelf
Which book as a gift would you like?
ok awesome. I will.
Everything is all taken care of.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
I will send you a replacement shelf for free.
I would also like to send you a complimentary book
Which book would you like?
Ok no worries. You are great. I have placed an order for the shelf.
It should arrive in 3-4 days
ok you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome
Hey Jonathan , I apologize for this.  Let me try and get this resolved as fast as possible.
Could you please give me the order number?
Thank, give me a moment while I pull up the details
OK I have pulled up your order, just to confirm it is the oak 5 shelf bookshelf right?
Great, we have spare parts, let me just order you the spare shelf.
OK your order has been placed.
Your order should be arriving within the next 2 business days. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi Nancy. I will be happy to help you.
can you verify your address?
Ok thank you
I am sending you a replacement shelf for free.
I am also going to include a free book of your choice. Which would you like?
Yes we have that book in stock. I have placed an order for both the shelf and book. They will both be shipped out to you.
they should arrive within 3-4 days. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Peter, Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help
please provide your phone number
I see your card was declined by the bank. Can I recharge the card we have on file?
The charge was successful this time. Your service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok awesome .have a great day
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
I would just need that that to streamline the booking process
Can you remember the flight number?
great , I see that flight was actually canceled so, so I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
I have two options one for tonight at 8p and another for tonight at 11p
would either of these work for you?
Ok, it seems I can get you the exact same seats as your previous flight. Are you happy with this?
You should be receiving the tickets via email anytime soon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, thank you for choosing ACME, and have a safe flight.
Hey Smitty, I am sorry to hear this, could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I investigate what the problem could be.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank
If you would like I can try rebilling your account with the details we have on the system?
Ok let me try the rebill, standby please.
Ok the payment was successful. you account should be reactivated within the next 5-10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi Peter. I can help you with this!
Which type of shelf did you order?
ok. I will send you a replacement shelf
and a complimentary book. Which book would you like?
ok perfect. I have ordered your shelf and book
within 3-4 days
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hey Patricicica, I will be able to help you.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank, one moment while I update the system and ensure this address is serviceable.
OK your details have been updated. And the address is serviceable. The earliest  available appointment is 10 April, between 2-5p, does this work for you?
Ok, let me just input this into the system for you.
OK your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Thank you for choosing ACME, hope you will be happy with the internet when it is installed.
Have a great day
Hey Jonathan, let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
it seem this flight was actually  canceled due to the snow. So this means I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
I have two options one at 8p and another at 11p tonight.
One moment while I look how full the flights are and what seats I can get for you.
OK I am able to get you the seats you require. Would you like me to book them now for you?
Ok , I have booked your flights , Is there anything else I can assist you with?
thank you for choosing ACME and have a safe flight.
Hi Josh. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
ok no worries
i see the flight was cancelled and I will schedule a new flight free of charge
I have a flight tomorrow morning at 8
8am tomorrow morning
Would this work?
ok perfect. I have just emailed your new tickets.
Anything else I can help you with
/
?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
I will send you a shelf for free
within 3-4 days. Can you verify your address?
Thank you
Give me one moment while I update your account
Hi Peter. I have updated your account
I am sending you out a free shelf
I am sending you out a free shelf
And a free book
of your choice
ook, no worries. You are all set.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
you're welcome. Have a great day
Hi Nancy. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
ok perfect.
Thank you
I have changed your flight to an earlier one tomorrow at 81
8a
Does this work for you?/
thank you! no worries.
I am sending your flight details via email.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin! I can help you.
Please provide me with your flight details
Thank you. I am going to find another flight for you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this work?
ok awesome.
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 8a
I will email you all the details!
Have a great day!
you're very welcome!
Hi Kevin. I can surely help you with this
What is your cell number?
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
I am going to try running your card again
card worked
service will be restored in 5 minutes
yay!
Anything else I Can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Peter. I can help you
What are your flight details?
Ok awesome. I am going to find you an alternative flight for free of charge
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 10a
I will email you all the details
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
OK, looking on the system it seems that would be flight AC 125?
OK, well you are in luck. It seems this flight was also canceled on account of bad weather. So I will be able to book you a new flight, free of charge.
I have two options available for tonight, one at 8p and the other at 12p? Would either of these work for you?
Great, let me check which seats I can get for you.
OK I can get your an emergency seat next to the window? Would this work for you?
They are the seats with extra leg room.
Great, standby while  i book this flight. For you.
Ok I have booked the flight for you. You should be receiving the tickets via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you and thank you for choosing ACME. I hope you have a great day have have a safe flight.
Hi Smitty
I can help you!
What type of shelf?
Ok awesome. I am going to send out a new shelf
Please verify your address
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I would also like to send you a free book
Which would you like?
sweet, great choice.
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
your welcome. Have a great day!
Hi I can help you!
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
Please verify your address
ok awesome
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I would also like to send you a free book

Which would you like
sweet, great choice!
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
your welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help  you resolve this matter.
Can you provide me with your flight details?
Where was the destinaton?
Which city?
Thank you so much for clarifying. I do see that your flight was cancelled. I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow afternoon at 1p. Does this time work for you?
I have put you on the 1p flight. Your flight number is U78612. Seat number 14J Window.
I will email you all the details shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us! I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your flight details?
ok thank you. I see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your ticket free of charge
I have a flight leaving tonight at 7p. Does this time work?
Ok awesome. This is great news. Your new flight number U6790, Seat 17M, Aisle.
I am going to send your new flight details to you via email.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Ok awesome. Well have a great day!
Hi Nancy! I am happy to help you with this.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you.  I am going to ensure that your service area is serviceable. Please hold one minute
Great news! I have updated your account with your new address and this area is serviceable.
I can send a technician out on Friday the 10th from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
Ok great. I have scheduled an appointment for the installation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am so happy that we resolved your problem. Have a great day!
Thank you!!!
Hi Nancy! Thank you for contacting ACME! I will happy to assist you on this!
Can you provide your cell phone number please?
Thank you so much
I see that the payment was declined from the bank. Do I have your permission to recharge the card we have on file?
The charge was successful and your service should be restored within 5-10 minutes
I am happy we was able to reach a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
Hey Nancy! Sorry to hear about the missing product but I will handle everything for you.
Did you purchase the oak?
I can send you a free replacement if you like
Ok great. I would also like to send you a free book of your choice to help you fill the book case. Which book would you like?
Ok great choice ! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Can I help you with anything else?
ok sweet, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Oh I am very sorry to hear that. Let me help you with this!
Can you provide me with your flight details?
I have looked into your flight and as I do see that it was cancelled, I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge.
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 9:30a. It is a direct flight. Does this work for you?
Great!!!! I have scheduled a new flight for you. Your New flight number: U4523, Seat 15B, Aisle.
I will send you the complete flight details via email.
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi Jose! Thank you for contacting us! I can certainly help you with this.
Thank you for providing me with your new address. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I have updated your records
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Great news! it looks like there is no current issues. I can have a tech come out to your area tomorrow or Friday from 10-2p. Which day works best for you?
Thank you. I have scheduled your installation for tomorrow at 10. I am happy we got a resolution.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi William! I will be happy to help you1
you*
Can you provide me with your cell number
I see that your card was declined by your bank. For your convenience, I am going to attempt to charge the charge one more time
The charge was successful. Service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Oh no problem , my pleasure helping you!
I love helping people!
Well is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Peter!
Yes did you order the oak bookshelf?
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelf. Which book would you like?
Ok awesome, great choice! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
They will arrive within 3-5 business days
You are very welcome, as always
Anything else I can assist you with today?
Ok awesome, have a wonderful day!
Hey Robert! Sorry to hear that!
I will be happy to help. What are your flight details?
Ok no worries. I have switched you to the flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a free of charge
Does this time work for you?
You are very welcome! Your new flight number UA54387. Seat 13B Window. I will email you these details via email.
Trust me I completely understand when these type if situations arise.
Ok great . Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need any future assistance
Is there anything else you need help with?
Ok Robert, well you have a great afternoon.  Have a safe flight!
Hi good morning Billy! Thank you for contacting ACME
I can definitely help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Ok thank you. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok perfect. You have been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome.
Hi good morning Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME

I can definitely help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable. I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Not a problem, let me check for you.
Yes we have a 3p slot open
Does this work for you?
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment.
No not at all there. There is no charge for installation.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Billy! Sorry to hear that you are having issues. Let me look into the problem for you.
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Ok please hold.
The charge was successful. Your service will be reactivated in 5-10 minutes.
Now that everything is resolved, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. No worries. Sorry that you are experiencing signal problems. I can surely help you resolve this issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number please
Thank you
Let me check your account
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you. Let me update your account
The card went through
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
thanks!
Hi Peter. Thank you for contacting ACME.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Account is updated
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Sorry for the delay. We have been experiencing delays on our end
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok awesome. Everything is scheduled.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Billy. Thank you for contacting ACME.
I can help you. Can I place you on hold while I look up your account?
I see  you purchased the oak shelf
Can you verify your address please
Thank you!
I will send you a replacement shelf free of charge
I am sending your shelf. It should arrive within 2-3 days!
you are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today
ok great .Enjoy your day!
Hi Patricia!
I can surely help you with this!
Please provide me with your new address
Thank you!
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
What is your zip code?
Thank you!
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok awesome. Your time has been scheduled
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us
Did you purchase the oak shelf?
ok perfect
I can send you a replacement shelf free of charge
Yes we have you covered.
I would also like to send you a free book of your choice
Which would you like?
Do you happen to know the title of the book?
I believe it is Dark Tower
I will put that order in for you.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Peter! I can help you with this!
What is your phone number and address
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
The card went through
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! You're very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. I will help you with this!
You purchased the oak correct?
I will send you a free replacement
I placed the order
I will like to add in a free book
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i  happy to assist
Can you provide flight details
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I know the feeling. That's why I am here to help
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Unfortunately I do not know what that means.
Have a safe flight!
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i happy to assist
Can you provide flight details
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am sorry that you are experiencing these issues. Can you provide me with your cell phone number please?
What is your phone number?
Yes we can work around it
Hi Kevin. Are you still there?
If you experiencing problem with the app, shut it down completely and restart it.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am sorry to hear this. Can you provide your flight details please?
I see that your flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving in an hour. Can you make it?
Perfect!
I am sending your details via email now
Ok have a safe flight.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you for providing this
I am checking your service area, please hold.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Your appt has been scheduled
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am going to update your address
What is your zip code?
Thank you!
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
Thank you
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes we can. Please hold while I attempt the charge.
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am sorry for that
Hi I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Did you order the oak shelf?
Can you verify your address and phone number?
I am going to send you out a replacement shelf free of charge. As a gift I am going to send you out a free book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like me to send?
Yes you sure can . I have place an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive in 3-5 days.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you for providing this information. I checked your account and I will send you a complimentary replacement shelf.
I would also like to send you a free book. Which book would you like?
Ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive within 5 days.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Enjoy your new book!
I am very sorry to hear this.
I will help you on the matter
Can you provide flight details please?
Ok Let me check flight details for you on the next flights out?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available to make this flight?
Ok perfect, the ticket has been booked. I will send you flight details momentarily.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
I do see that your flight was cancelled.
Let me check open flights for you
I will reschedule you for free on the first flight out which will be tomorrow at 8a. Is this a good time for you?
Ok great. Everything has bee scheduled. I will email your flight details to you shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you!  I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
No to worry, the tech  will install new cabling
Ok perfect , I have scheduled the appointment.
You will have cable in no time!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Priya! Thank you for contacting us!
How can we be of assistance to you?
Ok no worries. Let me look into this for you.
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I do see that you made a payment; however for some reason the bank declined it
I can retry running your card again to see if it will go through now
ok thank you. Please hold one moment
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. This is Jai from ACME. How may I help you today?
I am sorry to hear that. Let me get your flight details
Can you provide your flight details?
There is normally a $150 fee for rebooking a missed flight; however since this is your first time, I am going to waive the fee.
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this time work for you
?
Ok great. Your New flight UA 345. Window seat, 2A. I will email you flight details.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Priya!
How can we help you?
Did you purchase the oak book shelf?
Ok great. I will send you a complimentary shelf for free. As a gift for having to patiently deal with this problem, I would like to send you a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They will arrive in 2-4 business days!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Sandy! Thank you for contacting us. How may I help you today?
Ok, no worries. Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing this. Please hold while I update your account.
I updated your account. I am now going to check to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok your appt. has been scheduled. You will have internet in no time. Is there anything I can assist you with today Sandy?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Sandy. This is Jai from ACME. How can I help you?
Ok I am sorry you are missing a piece. Did you purchase the oak shelf?
I will send you a replacement shelf free of cost
Can you verify your address?
Can you please verify your address?/
Thank you. I have placed an order for the replacement shelf. It will arrive in 3 business days.
Is there anything else we can do for you here at ACME?
Did we answer all of your questions?
ok great. have an amazing day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you
Can you provide your address and phone number?
Thank you!
When did you problem begin?
your*
Ok thank you
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Since the problem seems to be a tech issue, I will create a ticket for further investigation Someone will contact in the next 2 hours
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great! Have an awesome day!
Hi Jose.
Please hold while I update your account
I have updated your account.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok great. You have been scheduled!
ok great. Have a great day!
Hi Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you verify your address and phone number?
When did the problem begin?
Thank you! Have you tried restarting the modem?
yes there is a switch on the back of the modem
Ok great!!!!!
I am so so happy we resolved this issue!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi I can help you with this
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see you did provide payment but for some reason the payment did not go through
I can retry the card on file again
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
I am so sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to give you 1 month free of service
very welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
ok great, enjoy the day!
Hey Peter, Thank you for contacting ACME. Let me assist you with this.
Could you please just verify your address or phone number for me?
Thank you Peter, standby while I just pull up your information on the system.
Is the problem only associate with your Tv?
Does your internet services still work?
Great, lets try just troubleshoot that. Have you tried restarting the system?
Ideally plugging the electronic device out from the wall socket and placing it back?
Peter are you still there?
No problem, I am standing by...
Great news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Ok sounds good. This issue will surely be resolved
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
you are very welcome!
have a great day!
I am sorry to hear you missed the flight
I am going to book you on the next available flight free of charge
Let me check for you. Thank you for your patience.
I have a flight leaving to Vegas tomorrow at noon. Does this work for you?
ok great. I will send you the details via email shortly. As a bonus, I gave you first class seating on the house.
and I found a flight leaving later today in an hour
Can you do today
ok great. I booked you on the later flight
The confirmation email has been sent
very welcome. Thank for you choosing ACME. Have an amazing day!
HI Peter, I am sorry to hear of this. Let me look into this for you. Please tell me your full address and phone number
This matches the address on file with us.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry with the Post office
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
ok have a great day!
Yes I can. What is your phone number?
Thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes we do
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
have a great day!
HI Peter!
Thank you for contacting us!
I am sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
Can you provide your telephone number?
Thank you . If i can give you 2 months free of HBO, would you reconsider staying with our service?
Yes I will waive your commitment obligations.
I am so happy that we can resolve this issue
Have a great day!
You are very welcome!
Hi. Thank you!
I will ship you a replacement shelf for free?
I have placed an order for the bookshelf
I can include a dust cleaner. Don't worry about the difference. It's on us!
You've been a great customer with us through the years!
It's our pleasure to serve you!
IS there anything else I Can help you with today?
have a great day!
Hi Jonathan! I can help you with this!
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you for your patience!
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Yes we can try to see if this resolves the problem
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
great! I am relived
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Peter!
I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home
It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Thank you.
I am happy you are choosing to stay with ACME
IS there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home

It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Thank you so much1
I am happy that you are choosing to remain with us. We truly value your business.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. Have a good day!
I am very sorry about this
Let me pull up your account
I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take another 24 hours
Can I have your cell phone number please?
and I will follow up personally with you.
I will make sure to get your modem to you, even if I have to deliver it to you myself.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Nancy
What is your new address?
Hi Nancy. Are you still there? I am available to help you resolve this matter.
If you are having problems with the app, just close it down completely and restart it.
Hey Billy, I will be able to help you trouble shoot the problem.
Could you please provide me with either your residential address or phone number?
Thank you, for providing this information.
have you tried hard rebooting your system?
Removing the power cable from the wall socket and putting back in?
Is the problem isolated to only your cable tv? Is your internet working?
This is a very interesting  problem. What I will need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. We will contact you within 2 hours when we can verify what is causing this outage.
Yes someone will call you on your cellphone number which is on the system.
I am sorry for this, however we will do everything in our power to ensure your service is back up and running in no time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Again , I do apologize for this. But hope you have a good day
Hi I am sorry to hear you missed your flight
What are your flight details?
Thank you.
The snowstorm is really bad.
I see there is a flight leaving tomorrow back to Miami at 9a
Luckily you are going back to better warmer weather
Are you available for the flight tomorrow?
Your new Flight  info is:  UA 43, seat 12A window
The beach sounds wonderful this time of year.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are very welcome
Have a great day!
Hey Patricia, Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank standby while I input this into the sytem.
Ok I have updated you details on the system. I have also confirmed that your address is serviceable.
The earliest available appointment is 14 April. Between 2p-5p. Would this work for you?
Great, standby while I just book this appointment in the system.
OK your appointment has been booked.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have great day.
Hello Peter, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy. Could you please provide me with the order number so that I can pull up your information on the system?
Thank standby while I pull up your information.
It seems the system is backlogged . I do apologize for this. The investigation is gonna take an addition 24 hours to complete.
If you would like I can provide you with my personal email account and I will be sure to followup and let you know was soon as the investigation is complete.
You can contact me on Josi@acme.com
I completely understand.If we are unable to find your packages I will ensure that a replacement is send out to you as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will be sure to let you know as soon as possible. Have a great day.
Hi Jonathan! I am going to look into your issue.
Please verify your address and phone number
This address matches what I have got on the system
I will be opening a ticket of inquiry
to investigate this matter further
There is nothing you need to do on your end. This normally takes 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back
you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a great day!
Can you provide your order #?
Thank you
Let me pull up your account
I see there is a backlog
and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
May I have your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update
Thank you. I will ensure this problem gets resolved
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok great, thank you!
Hi. Please verify your address and phone number
Thank you providing this info
Since the problem did not resolve after restarting, then I am going to have to create a tech ticket for you
Someone will contact you within the next 2 hours.
Yes I send it to your email.
Can you provide me with your email?
Thank you! I have created the ticket and will contact you soon
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok good!
Enjoy the rest of your day
Hey Patricia, Let me looking into this for you. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you for providing your cellphone number, one moment please while I pull up your account details.
It seems that your last payment was declined by the bank.
It is not a problem. there are various reason for this happening. Would you like me to try re billing the credit card details which we have on the system?
Standby while I try to rebill your account.
Ok the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10 minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you and I hope your service becomes activated in no time. Have a good day.
Hey Billy, let me see what I can do to help.
Have you looking around the premise to ensure no note was left?
Could you please provide me with your address details so that I can just verify and double check all the details on the sytem?
Thank you, let me just verify with the details I have on the system, standby please.
Ok It seem the package claims to be delivered. But it is obviously not there.
What I need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. This investigation process  normally takes between 12-24 hours to happen.
Ok the ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have a good day.
Hi I am very sorry to hear this.
What is your phone number?
I see you've been a loyal customer with us for 7 years. We truly value your business. We have a home signal booster which retails for $500. I would like to offer it to you free of charge
Hopefully this will resolve your issue and you can remain with ACME.
I am happy you decided to stay with us!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
I will be happy to help.
Can you verify your mailing address
I already have your email but can you verify your home address?
I want to ensure that we have the correct address on file
Thank you.
I am going to pull up your details.
I see that we have the correct address
I am going to create a search ticket
Absolutely as that is more convenient for you
you are very weleomc
welcome*
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great!
Hi I am very sorry you are having this issue
Can you provide an order number so we can look into this matter for you?
Thank you.

I am going to pull up your details.
I see there is a backlog. What is your phone number so I Can followup with you personally?
Ok perfect, I created a ticket and I am going to contact you within 2 hours with an update.
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great!
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help you!
Did you purchase the oak?
sweet, happy we located your account.
I am sending you a replacement shelf free of charge
I placed the order and your shelf will arrive in  2 days with Priority shipping
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have a great day!
Hey Billy, I am sorry to hear that you wish to leave. Is there nothing I can do to try and improve your experience with us?
I am so sorry to hear that you are having all of these problem. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can pull up your details on the system?
Thank, please standby while I pull up this information.
Ok I have the information, I see you still have 8 months remaining on your iPhone?
Just to ensure that you are aware taking the cancelation fee into account, it will cost you $360 to cancel the remainder of the contact.
I do apologies for the dropping of the calls, however I am not sure if there is anything which I can do to reduce this cancelation fee
Give me one moment while I speak to the manager and see what I can do?
Ok it seems the best I can do is remove the $200 cancelation fee.
That bring the final amount you will need to pay is $160  for the remainder of the phone.
OK, let me just process you cancelation quickly.
OK your cancelation has been processed.
You  will receiving confirmation via mail with the final out standing amount.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. I am truly sorry to see you leave us.
I hope you have a great day.
Hi, I am sorry you are having issues with your service.
What is your phone number?
Thank you.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years. We value your loyalty. If I can offer you 3 months free service, would you consider keeping your contract with us?
I will also throw in a signal booster to alleviate your signal problems free of charge
Thank you for considering staying with us.
If service is not improved, I have made a note on your account that the cancellation fee will be waived if you call back in 3 months
Absolutely, that is what I am here for.
I love putting smiles on customer's faces
You are truly a valued customer!
Im pleased.
Is there anything else I can help you with today Mr. Coppola?
Ok awesome, well have an amazing day and thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Patricia! I am sorry about this. Can you provide your flight details?
What is your destination?
ok and what airport are you at now?
Which city are you in so I can locate available flights?
Ok great. I have a flight leaving Aspen  tomorrow at 9a to Connecticut. Are you available to make this flight?
ok great. I have booked you on this flight
I will send you flight details via email
Is there anything else I can help you with Patricia?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi Billy! I am sorry about the delay. Let me have your order number so I can look up your account.
Thank you for this! I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
Can you provide me with your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update?
Ok perfect, thank you. I have placed  a note in your account. I have also put a request with USPS to locate your package
I will call you personally once I learn more information.
I will ensure your package gets to you
even if I have to deliver the package to you myself!
Did I resolve your issue today?
I know  USPS has been having delivery delays lately.
I will make sure to follow-up accordingly. My name is Jai Smith
You are very welcome Billy . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey there, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Pulling up the information as we speak.
OK, it seems there is currently a backlog and the investigation as taking longer than normal.
I estimate it will take an additional 24 hours.
I do apologize for this and thank you for your patients and understanding.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Hey Josh, I am sorry
I will be able to help you today.
Could you please provide me with your address details?
Thank you for the this. One moment while I pull up your information of n the system.
OK I have your information in front of me.  Lets begin the troubleshooting process.
Have you tried to reboot you system?
Could you please try removing the plug from the wall socket and putting it back in?
No problem, I will standby.
Great news:)
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Sorry for the wait. Have a great day.
Hi John! I am happy to help you on this!
Thank you for providing your address. When did the problems begin?
Ok no worries.
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Oh ok I see. Ok I can have cables priority shipped to you
I can have those at your residence by tomorrow morning
Free of charge
Ok once you receive the cables, please switch them out
and your service should be back to normal.
I am happy we came to a resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a wonderful day.
HI Peter, I will be happy to help you!
Please verify your address and phone number
Thank you. When did the problems start?
Have you retried starting the modem such as unplugging and plugging it back?
ok not a problem
ok great.
im relieved and happy
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
thank you
hold one moment
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
very welcome
Anything else I can help you with today?/
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Peter!
Sorry to hear this. I am here to help
Can you provide your address and phone number?
Have you restarted the modem?
Lets try it to see if this clears up the problem
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
Please press that
Awesome!
works everytime!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok have a great day!
Hi Peter! Please verify your address.
I am going to look up your account
this matches our records
I am creating a ticket inquiry for you.
If you do  not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day
Hi John. Was it the oak?
What is your home address?
Ok great! I am going to send you a free shelf
great. I placed the order.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great have a good day!
HI Peter! I am sorry to hear of you having issues.
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
so I can look up your account
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. We truly value your service. I would like to offer you 6 months with a 50% off discount. And to relive your signal problems, I will add in a signal booster free of charge.
Would this offer be good for you?
awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great have a good day!
Hi John! I am sorry to hear this.
I will help you
What are  your flight details: time, date and destinaiton
destination*
ok I am looking up flights now
I am going to switch you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 12p. Does this time work for you?
awesome. I will send all flight details to you now
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great. You're welcome
Enjoy your day!
Hi. I can help you resolve this!
What is your phone number and address?
Ok thank you. I have your account pulled up. Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Ok not a problem. Do I have your permission to put in a work order for you
Thank you.
I put a tech order, free of charge, to come out and repair the cables in your home.
very welcome
Did I answer all your questions?
youre welcome. have a great day!
I am sorry to hear this.
What is your order number?
Thank you
I see there is a backlog
It's going to take another 24 hours to get more information. What is your phone number?
So I can personally contact you with an update
Thank you.
I will call you once I hear an update. My name is Tyreek
Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you with this.
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you.
This matches our address on file.
I do not know what occurred however I am creating a ticket for further investigation
If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, then contact us back immediately
Is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
Hi Peter, I am Jai from ACME. I will be happy to assist you on this
Can you please provide your phone number and address?
Thank you. I am going to create a ticket with USPS on locating your package
This could take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back, then please contact us.
You definitely will.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Kevin!
I will be happy to help
I have updated your account
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with
ok great, have a good day
Hi Kevin
Yes I can
Can you provide me with your address and phone number?
It is ok. Is everything back up and running now?
I have created a ticket inquiry for finding your package
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours please contact us back immediately.
No worries at all.
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME!
Have a great day!
Thank you for waiting Peter
I will be happy to help you.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years
I would like to offer you a deal to stay with us
I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount
and a free signal booster
awesome thanks!
I am happy you are staying with us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome! Have a great day!
H. I can help
What is the reason for your cancellation?
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount and a free signal booster
sounds great, I am happy to hear that
Is there anything else we can do for you Kevin?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
What is your phone number
thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Im so happy that we resolved the issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great! have a good day!
I am very sorry to hear that Peter.
What is your order number?
I see that we are backlogged and its going to take another 24 hours to get more information.
Can I have your contact number?
I will call you personally
with updates on your package.
I see here that USPS has been experiencing delivery delays on their end
This is what might be holding up your package
I am very sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I am taking an additional 40% off your first month's bill.
You are very welcome. You have been a great and loyal cusotmer
customer
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please provide me with your order number so I can investigate what is going on?
Thank standby, while I look what is going on.
It seems there is a backlog on investigation and they have not gotten around to investigating your case.I suspect it could take another 24 hours, is this a problem?
I will personally make sure it does not happen, if you wish you can email me at jozi@acme.com to follow up if you do not hear from me within the next 5 hours or so.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I will be sure to follow up for you.
Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please give me your order number so I can look it up on our system?
Cool thanks you. One moment while I pull up your account details.
Ok I have pulled up your order, It seems to be a 5 shelf oak bookcase?
No problem, let me order you a new shelf.
standby while I do so.
OK the shelf has been ordered, it will arrive within the next 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hi Kevin! I am sorry to hear this. What are your flight details?
Ok I will change your flight free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available?
Ok perfect, I have scheduled you on this flight. I am emailing you the tickets now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great.  You're welcome. Take care and have a safe flight
Hi!I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide your phone number and address?
I see there might be a problem with your modem
Have you tried rebooting the system
Ok I would suggest trying that
yay!
I am relieved
IS there anything else you can help me with?
Hi I can help you on this!
I am pulling up your account using your name
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you!
Have you tried rebooting the system
There is a blue button on the back of your modem
How is the service?
yay!
I am happy
IS there anything else I can help you with??
awesome
Well have a great day!
Hi Kevin! I am sorry you are experiencing problems
What is your cell phone number?
ok thank you
I see you have been a customer for the last 7 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
50% off for the next 6 months
and a free signal booster
I will make a note on your account that we will waive your cancellation fee
If you are still unhappy with the service
good, im pleased.
Is there anything else i can help you with?
great!
Thank you for contacting us!
I will be happy to help
Please verify your phone and address
thank you for verifying
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
since there seems to be a problem on USPS end
I am going to get to the bottom of it for you
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
If we cannot locate your modem or contact you within 24 hours  then please feel free to contact us back1
I will place a note in your account
IS there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a great day!
HI Kevin! I can help you!
Please verify your adress
Thank you so much!
I am going to take a look into your account.
Looks like there is a problem with USPS
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, thank you!
Hi Patricia! I am Tyreek. Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
So i can access your account.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
What are the issues you been experiencing?
Ok I see. I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
Give me one minute while I check something on your account
Which phone do you currently have?
I can upgrade you to the iphone 6
free of charg
charge*
For you, anything is possible. Because ACME truly values you and want to show you that we are the best, I will honor your request
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with
ok. have a great day!
Hi, I am sorry to hear of this. Can you provide your phone number?
So i can access your account.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
Does this offer sound good to you?
Ok great, i'm relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great! Have an awesome day!
Hi Patricia! I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
I am checking your account, please hold
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
I have created a ticket for you
This surely will. I will make sure your package is delivered safely even if that means I deliver it to you myself.
I will call you back in an hour with an update.
My name is Sam
from ACME
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome have a great day
HI Kevin! I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
I would like to check your account
I am checking your account, please hold
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
I am going to get to the bottom of this!
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have put an urgent request through with USPS to locate your package
I am going to personally call you to follow up on the investigation
Does this work for you?
Hi Kevin, are you still there?
Hi Eddy! Can you provide me with your account number?
Thank you!
When did the problem begin?
Have you retried restarting the modem? If not, there is a purple button on the back of the device. Please press it and count to 5. The modem will reboot.
Let me know when you have done this.
How is your service now?
perfect
I am relieved
Me as well. I am always happy to help our loyal customers
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, Have an awesome day!
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help you
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you!
When did the issue begin?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Did this resolve the issue?
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem
Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
The ticket has been created.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have a great day!
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help yo
you*
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you!

When did the issue begin?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem

Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
The ticket has been created
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Thank you and have a great day!
Hi Hannah. I can assist you
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. This matches the address on file.
I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
The investigation process typically take 24 hours
You are very welcome. If you do not hear from anyone in 24 hours, please contact us back
One of our reps will be contacting you via phone and/or email. I made a note to give you a call
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
I can assist you

Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
The ticket has been created.
Expect a follow up call within 24 hours, if you do not hear back from us, please contact us back
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.
Can you please verify your cell phone number?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
As we truly value your business,  I will honor that request
This goes in effect starting tomorrow
yes you will
Give me one second while I update your account..
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day today! You are very welcome!
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.

Can you please verify your cell phone number?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
Sweet! I am sure the signa booster will improve your service overall.
I will make a note in your account to waive your cancellation fee if you choose to cancel
Give me one second while I update your account..
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day today!
Hi I am very sorry about this.
Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
Ok not a problem. I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
Absolutely. My name is Roger and my badge ID is 3476. I have also made a note in your account to credit your account $75 for the inconvenience on our end.
I am happy to have been able to help you.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
Not to worry. We will get to the bottom of this!
Thank you for choosing ACME. Enjoy the rest of your morning!
Hi Peter! I will be happy to assist you
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am sorry
I see that there is an issue in your area in regards to cable shutdowns
Our team sent out a package to you with new cables however I see you did not get that new package with the new cables
What I can do is create a new ticket so you can get your new modem
This process normally is complete within 24hours
If you do not hear back from me in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Unfortunately it will. I can suggest another solution.
Have you tried restarting your modem?
ok I will hold
Ok I made a note.
I put a rush priority delivery on your account so that modem gets to you quickly.
Thank you for choosing ACME! You enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi I am very sorry about this.

Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.
Are you referring to your cable service?
Hi, are you still experiencing issues with the channel connectivity?
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.

Are you referring to your cable service?
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
And the problem still persists?
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
ok great! Have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
ok ill hold
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
problem still persists?
ok ill hold
Ok great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome, have a great day!!!!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this. I am going to help you with this
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thanks this matches the address on file
I am going to make a note inquiry on account to locate your package.
I also made a note that you did not sign for the package. This investigation takes up to 24 hours
Yes, however if you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
ok great, enjoy the beautiful weather!
Hi. I can help
Please verify your address and phone number.
This matches the information we have on file.  I am going to create a ticket to investigate the location of your package.
Please hold
The ticket has been created. It take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us, please give us a call.
Now that the ticket has been created, is there anything I can help you with today?
ok. have a great day!
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear about this. Can you verify your phone number please?
I see you have been a customer for a while now
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
50% off for 6 months plus a free signal booster to fix those signal problems.
Sounds good. I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
ok sweet. have a great day.
Hi, I am very sorry to hear this.
Can you provide me with your cell phone and address so I can look up your account?
Thank you. This matches the address on file. I am going to open up a ticket to investigate the whereabouts of  your package
I looked up your account by your name
I am creating a personal ticket for me to locate your package. Is it possible for me to call you within 2 hours with an update.
I want to talk with USPS on this
Thank you!
I will give you a call shortly
Is there anything else I can assist you with
ok great, have an amazing day!
I am very sorry. Let me look into this for you.
What is your order number so I can access your account?
thank you. I am going to call you personally once I get an update from USPS
I completely understand. I want to ensure you get this modem as well
For our mistake, I would like to offer a $75 credit to your account.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
ok great. Have an awesome day!
Hi I am very sorry to hear this!
What is your phone number?
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
I definitely think it will. The signal booster is our top of the line reception booster. It retails at $675 but I am going to give it to you for free
I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
?
Ok great, You're welcome. Have a wonderful rest of your day!
What is your phone number?
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
I am sure it will work. It is our top of the line booster and retails at $675 which I am offering to you free of charge
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this! I will be happy to look into this for you.
Can you provide your  order number?
Ok not a problem. I can look it up using your phone number.
Please hold.
I see there is a backlog in our system causing the delay in the investigation.  I can take another look into this for you
Is it possible that I can contact you within 2 hours with an update as I want to get to the bottom of this!
Yes I do promise. Customer service is our number 1 priority!
My name is Howard.
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I Can help you with
you are very welcome. have a great day
Hi. This is Howard from ACME. How may I help you?
Can you please verify your phone number and address so I can access your account?
Thank you. Have you retried rebooting the modem?
Ok not a problem.
I am going to put in a tech support ticket for you.
I have created the ticket
This will take 24 hours
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
I am making a note that someone contact you so as not to trouble you
But in the chance you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
You are absolutely welcome!
Have a great day and take care!
Hi! This is Tanya from ACME. How may I help you?
I am sorry to hear of your problem. Can you verify your phone number and address please?
I am seeing that this address matches the one on file.
I am on hold with USPS
I am going to put in a ticket request on your account.
I am sorry, we are experiencing technical difficulties on our end. Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
I will have an update within 24 hours. I will have an agent get in contact with you in the next 24 hours
I expect that you should have your modem very shortly. This is why we have to run an investigation to see where the package was located
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
You are very welcome.
Would there be anything else?
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi. This is Tanya. I am sorry to hear this. Allow me to help.
What is your account number?
Ok thank you. Let me access your account. Please hold.
I see there is  backlog on our end and this investigation will take another 24 hours.
I am going to speak to my manager to get directly in contact with USPS
I am going to call you within the next 2 hours with an update
I am going to handle your issue personally
I would like to extend a $75 credit to your account for having to deal wit this as its caused so much inconvenience.
I myself would be upset so I completely understand how you feel.
I am relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You definitely well.
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi Pat. I will take care of your request.
Can you provide your phone number so I can access your account?
Thank you. I see you have been a customer for over 5 years. We value your loyalty.
Can you explain why you would like to cancel your service with ACME?
I would like to offer you our top of the line signal booster
It retails for $675 but I can offer to you for free
and I would like to give you 6 months at 50% off
Thank you for considering our offer.
We really do value your loyalty.
We are committed to making sure you are happy.
I will even extend the offer to 1 full year at the 50% discount
You are very welcome
Was I able to help you today?
Do you want to get back to me with your decision or have you already decided?
ahh this is great news!
I am happy
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi, I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. When did the problem begin?
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Sometimes this helps with the problem
There is a blue button on the back of your modem/router. Please hold that down.
Ok I will hold
I will hold. Let me know if the problem still persists
great, I am happy.
It works everytime.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
great, I am happy.

It works everytime.
Is there anything else I cane help you with?
Hi, are you still there?
Hello Pat, How can I help you today?
Has the complaint been processed or would you like to create a complaint?
If you provide me with your order number I will gladly look to see what I can do.
Thanks you, please standby while I research what is going on.
OK, it seems we are currently experiencing a backlog.  For this reason we have not gotten around to processing the investigation.
What I can do is bump you in the queue and your investigation should be processed within the next 3 hours. I will personally ensure this gets done.
I will also contact you once it is done
If you have any additional questions you are welcome to contact me on jozi@acme.com
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi ! Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Can you please update me with your name & new address
Thank you
I have updated the system
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
I do not see any problems in your area . I can have a technician come out to your area tomorrow to do the install
Are you available at 10a or 2p tomorrow?
ok. I have scheduled you for the 10a
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
ok great, have a wonderful afternoon!
Hi. This is Trevor from ACME. May I have your cell phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Ok please hold.
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting us.
May I have your name and new address please?
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Your account has been updated. I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a technician come out to do the installation tomorrow at 10a and 2p. Which time works best for you?
ok perfect. the installation has been scheduled
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
great, have an awesome day
Hi. I can help you with this.
What is your new address?
Thank you
Please hold while I update your account.
Your account has been updated
I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Which time works best for you? 10a or 11a?
Ok great, I have scheduled your appt.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi. I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your name and new address?
ok. please hold while i update your account
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. have a good day!
Hi
I can help you with this!
Can you update me with your billing info?
ok. please hold while i update your account
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
great
Does this time frame work for you?
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are very welcome
Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
Can you verify your name, number and address
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
Hi. I can help you

Can you verify your name, number and address
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
Hi, I can help you
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good!
Is there anything else i can help you with?
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi, I can help you
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else i can help you with?
have a great day!
Hi. I will be happy to help you
Thank you for your patience.
Can you explain the problem you are having?
I am going to have to create a ticket for you
Can you provide your address and phone number
Thank you. Please hold while I check your account
I am updating your account
and the problem is still persisting after your reboot?
Hi, are you still there?
I can help you with this
Thank you for your patience.
Can you verify your address
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
I am seeing that there is no update with USPS
I am going to have to create a ticket for an investigation
I have created the ticket
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME.
We truly value your business!
Hi, I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok perfect, I am going to schedule you for this time frame.
Everything is all set on our end.
We will see you tomorrow.
Do you need any more help?
Ok great, I am happy to have spoken with you today.
I hope I answered all your questions.
You are very welcome!
Have an amazing day!
I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for this.
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes I will have the tech come out to you free of charge.
You are very welcome!
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Take care!
I can help you with this

Thank you for your patience.

Can you verify your address
Hi thank you for providing me
with this.
I am looking up your account.
I will create a ticket
This investigation takes about 24 hours
If someone does not contact with you within 24 hours please do not hesitate to contact us back
Yes I am still here. Did I resolve all your issues today?
awesome.
Well you have a great day
Hey Josh, I will be able to assist you today, Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank, one moment while I investigate  and pull up your information.
OK it seem you are correct, the system states that your modem was delivered. Is there no note left by the delivery agent?
I do apologies for this sir, it seems you are correct and they did require your signature.  What I can do is create a ticket for further investigation and agent will contact you once  the investigation is complete.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was pleasure assisting you, Have a great day further.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please give me your order number so I that I can look what is going on?
Thank you standby while I investigate please.
I have looked on the system and I see that it does state that the package was delivered. Have you looked to see if any note was left by the agent?
I apologize for this, let me create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will contact you within the next 24 hours to let you know what the outcome is.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your patients. We will be sure to contact you promptly. Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will gladly be willing to help you with your cable. What problem are you experiencing?
Is your internet currently working? Could you also provide me with your phone information and I will be able to have a look what is going on from my side.
Thank you. Have you tried to restart you system? Pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
That is great news, Kevin.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day,
Hello Kevin, I am able to assist you today. Could you please specify your new address details.
Sorry for the wait.
Thank you, standby while I update your information.
Your information have been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is April the 14th between 9a and noon. Does this work for you?
Great let me booked this in for you.
OK , the appointment has been scheduled. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you for your time. Have a good day further.
Hey Patricia, it will be my pleasure to assist you. Could you please specify you new address details?
Thank standby while I update your information.
Your information has been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is between 9a and noon, does this work for you?
Will you be present at this time?
I great, let me book this in for you.
OK your appointment has been scheduled, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for you time. Have a great day. Was  a pleasure assisting you.
Hi Robert! I will be happy to help you
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing me with this information
I am updating your account with your new address
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience
I have updated your account
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
This should only take a few more seconds.
Great news, there is nothing wrong with the service in your area
You will be back up in no time
I can have a tech come out to do the install on the 15th at 11a.
Will someone be home?
perfect. I have put your appointment in. I gave you the first available slot.
ahh no worries. My pleasure!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
great!
Take care!
Hi Hannah! I will be happy to help you
How can I help you today?
Hi William, are you still there?
Hey Jonathan, let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number so I can pull up your details on the system?
It seems you are paid up. However is seems you have made a large amount of phone calls this month. The service provide believes that it was fraudulent.
Have you been using your phone a lot this month?
It is just over and above your normal pattern.
I am sorry Jonathan, it is mainly to just ensure no abuses are made. What I can do is reactive your account and also state you feel uncomfortable with us tracking your information.
I have reactivated your account and I have also made a note to not track your information any more.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you, same for you.
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait.
Thank you fro providing me with your cellphone number. Let me quickly look on the system what could be causing the problem
OK, it seem that over the past month a lot of phone calls have been made from your phone. The service provider marked the phone calls as suspicious.
What I can do is reactive your account. As I believe this was a mistake from our side.
OK you account should be activated now. I do apologies for this. I have also made a note that this will not happen again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
it was a pleasure helping you have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear you got snowed out. Let me assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Could you please specify flight number of the flight which you missed?
Thank you, let me pull up the information from that flight to assist me with booking you your new flight
It seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather.
I will be able to booked you a new flight, for of charge, I have two flights available. one for tonight at 8p and the other tonight at 9p
which would you like?
OK standby while I book your flight for you.
I am glad you will not be spending the weekend at the airport.
OK your tickets have been booked. You should be receiving an email with your tickets shortly.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi. I can help you  with this issue.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
I see that there was an issue with the bank processing your card. I am going to run the card again. This usually clears up the problem
May I try?
Please hold.
Good news , the card went through this time
Your service will be restored within the next 15 minutes
It was nothing to do with you.
For some reason your payment did not go through
But I ran the card again and it worked.
Your service will be restored in a few minutes
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear this. Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Thank you for providing me with this information. Quickly investigating and pulling up your information.
OK I have had a looked and it seems that flight was canceled due to bad weather.  So I wil be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
I have two tickets available. One for tonight at 8p and the other for 11p. Would either of these work for you ?
Great, standby while I booked your tickets for you.
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Sorry for the wait. Let me try and assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Sure thing, I have looked and it seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
I have two flight for you one 9p and the other 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
Standby while I booked you ticket for you.
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via the email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Hi Kevin! Thank you for your patience
I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you
I am checking your account now. Please hold.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
The payment went through
Your cell service will be restored in about 5 minutes
You should have full bars shortly
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today.
?
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Hi Patricia! Thank you for patience. I will be happy to assist you!
Can you provide your phone number?
Thank you. I am checking your account now.
Please hold.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
You are welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, Enjoy the rest of your afternoon
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait. Let me help you troubleshoot this.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
And this did not help? Is your internet currently still working?
If you can provide me with your address or phone number I will be able to find out what is going on from this side.
OK i have your details in front of me. It seems there is currently an outage in your area.
What I can do however is to create a ticket so that they will notify you as the status changes and the problem is attended to.
OK the ticket has been created. as the status changes your will receive smses. IS there anything else I can assist you with?
Hope you have a great day.
Hello Robert. Sorry for the wait. I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
Sorry for making you wait. I was just verifying your flight.
It seems it was canceled and thus I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
I have two available flight, both for tonight one at 9p and the other at 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
Great, I have booked your tickets, you should be receiving them via email now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case. I hope you have a great day.
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Standby while I update you address and also check that we do service your new address.
You address is serviceable.  The earliest appointment  I have is for 14 April between 11a and 2p? Would this work for you?
Thank you, let me schedule the appointment for you.
Ok your appointment has been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day further.
Hey Robert, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up your information.
OK it seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
No problem sir, if you would like I can try to re bill the card information which I have on the system?
Standby while I do so.
Ok the transaction was successful. Your service should be active within the next 15min.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Was my pleasure. Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank let me update your address and ensure we can service the new address.
OK we do service this address, the earliest appointment which I can schedule is for the 15 April  between 3p and 5p?
does this work for you ?
Great, I have confirmed the appointment.
is there anything else which I can assist you with ?
Thank you for your time.
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day
Hi. I will be able to assist you!
Can I place you on hold?
Can you provide me with your name and address
Thank you
I am looking it up for you
Your address matches our records.
I have to create a ticket to investigate your missing package
This process takes about 24 hours to complete
I have made the notation on your account
You do not have to do anythinf
anything.
I took care of all of it
Was there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you for being patient with us. I am going to place an $100 credit on your account
This credit will appear on your statement tomorrow
You have been loyal to us and this is our way of saying Thank YOu
You are welcome. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Thank you for holding!
I will be happy to assist you
Can you verify your name and address please?
Thank you
I have located your records . I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
This normally takes up to 24 hours to resolve
Everything is all set as I have created the ticket.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi. Thank you for your patience. I will be happy to assist you
Please provide me with your address and phone number?
Thank you!
I am checking your account
When did the problem begin?
Ok, thank you
Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Ok I will hold while you restart the modem.
perfect!
I am happy!
That trick works everytime!
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have an amazing rest of your day!
Hi I can assist you. Thank you for holding.
Can you provide your address?
I am very sorry for the wait . I apologize for the inconvenience.
Thank you for providing this information. When did your cable service stop working?
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Does the problem still persist/
I am very sorry for the long wait
We are experiencing connection issues; however our tech team is working on the issue now
In regards to your modem, have you tries resetting the modem? This usually clears up the connection issue that you are experiencing.
Perfect!
Works every time!
I am pleased.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome. Thank you for your time. For your patience, I am putting a credit on your account for $150
You are very welcome. My pleasure!
Well you enjoy the rest of your day!
Happy watching!
Hey Nancy, I will be happy to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Thank you standby while I update your address and ensure we can service your new address.
OK, your information has been updated and we do service your new address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 15 April between 3p-6p, would this work for you?
Let me schedule this appointment for you.
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Thank you, was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hi, thank you for holding.  I will be happy to assist you!
Can you provide your full name on the account as well as your address
Thank you
I have your account pulled up
When did the problem begin?
Thank you
Have you tried restarting the modem?
And the problem still persists?
I am going to put in a technical support ticket to investigate the issue that you are experiencing!
I have created the ticket
You are all set. We will contact you within 2 hours with an update
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
ok enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey Patricia, I am sorry to hear about your modem. Let me see what I can do to help you.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
OK Patricia,  What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
Thank you, will will include this in the ticket for further investigation.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you in the mean time?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear that your modem is missing. Let me assist you with finding your modem. Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
OK Kevin, What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
It was a pleasure assisting you.
have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your new address details?
Thank you let me update this information on our system.
Thank you for your patients. Your information has been updated. I am also able to service your address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 16 April between 3-5P
does this work for you?
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hello Robert, I can help you with that.
could you please provide me with your account number or cellphone number associated with that account
great let me pull up your account
I have your account open . It seems that you have not paid you billed for this pay period
sure I can do that for you. Would you like me to use the same card that is associated with your account?
If the card ending in 12345 is the card you like us to sue then we would be happy to use that to update your bill
Great let em put that though and give you a confirmation number for you to have.
Your payment has gone through correctly.   Your confirmation number is 123455.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Great thank you for calling ACME.  Have a great day!
Hi Kevin , I can help you with that today
what is your account number or cellphone number associated with your account
Great let me pull your information up in my system
can you verify your address in our system
can you verify your address in our system
well the problem is the package was sent to 2749 Conway.  I can have that updated and see if we can track the package to get it back to you.  Please hold for one second while I look up your package.
The tracking number ends in 12345 and its seems that it has been returned to the local USPS.  I'll have the package resent tomorrow to the correct address.
is there anything else I can help you with today
great thank you for calling ACME and look forward hearing from you again.
Take care
Hey Kevin, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I update the system with your information.
I mean while I investigate.
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, let me try and re the payment information which we have on our records.
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Dannie, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate what is going on.
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
There are multiple reasons for this happening. What I can do is try and re bill your payment information and see if it is successful.
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It was a pleasure assisting you, hope you have a good day further.
Hey Robert. I am sorry to hear about package going missing . Could your provide me with your order number so that I can look what is going on from my side?
Thank you, let me have a quick  look if I seem something weird...
OK, I do not know what is going on. I believe the agent must have made a mistake. Just to verify there is no note on your premises?
I understand. unfortunately what I am gonna need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. An agent will contact you and let you know of the outcome and what actions we will take.
This process normally take 24 hours to complete.
I do apologize for this
Thank you for understanding, the ticket has been generated.
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
It was a pleasure assisting you, I hope you have a good day further.
Hey Kevin, thank you for this information. I am sorry for the wait. Let me assist you with returning home as soon as possible.
OK it seems the original flight which you missed was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to book you new tickets free of charge.
The next available flight I have are for tonight at 8p and 11p
would either of these work for you?
How does the 8p flight sound? That will mean you get home sooner?
Your ticket has been booked. You should have received the information via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you
Hi I can help you.
I am sorry to hear of your phone issue. Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
Thank you
I see here that for some reason the payment was declined by the bank
I will attempt to recharge the card
Do I have your permission to run the card again?
I have some good news
The payment now went through
I knew this would work. Service will be restored back to normal in 10 minutes
Most certainly but I ensure your service will work properly from now on in
you are very welcome. Was there anything I could help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day!
Hello William, my name is Bob with ACME.  I can help you with this
What is your account number associated with your old account
Hello? William?
William?
Hi Kevin, that is terrible news.  I can help you with that.
Please send me the confirmation number form your preexisting flight number your were supposed to be on
Great, thank you.  Please give me a second to look up that flight and see how we can get you home.
I have to options for you to consider to get home today.
First Flight is leaving at 4pm and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am.
the other flight is leaving at 6 and landing at BWI at 0000 tonight
which option do you think works best for you?
Great.  Please let me update your travel arrangements and give you a confirmation number
All set.  You will be flying out of Place X and arriving at BWI at 0000, tonight.  Your confirmation number is the following: MMMM123456
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you Kevin and safe travels.
Good bye
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. I am sorry for the wait. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can look what is going on?
Thank you for this, let me have a look what is causing the problem.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, let me do this now for you.
OK the transaction was successful.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day further.
Hey Patricia, I am sorry for the wait, especially considering that you were snowed in prior to this. Let me help you return home promptly.
Hey Patricia, are you there?
Could you please provide me with your missed flight details?
Thank you for providing me with this.
The earliest flights I have available is tonight at 9:30p and 11:15p
would either of these work for you?
The 9:30p flight?
OK your tickets have been booked. You will receive them via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Enjoy your flight home.
Safe travels. Have a good day
Hello Kevin, I am sorry for the wait.
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service.  Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
What if i give you 10% and 2gb of fast data for the remainder of your contact?
I have updated your account details. How is your service at your house? I can also provide you with a signal booster which will help improve your reception at your house.
OK one moment while I order a new signal booster for you.
OK it have been ordered.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Hey Josh, I am sorry for the wait
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service. Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
I could provide you with a signal booster for your house?
This will allow you to have full signal in and around your house.
Sure, let me place a order for you signal booster. It should be delivered within the next 3-4 business days.
OK your signal booster has been ordered.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope your reception problem is solved.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about the problems you have been experiencing.
Is there nothing I can do to try and improve the experience you are getting?
What if I drop or try and match the other carriers prices?
I will need to verify with my supervisor if that is possible.
Alternatively what if I offered your 10% off and gave you additional 2gb of fast data per month?
Great, I will definitely be able to offer you this. One moment while I just alter your account details.
OK your account has been updated.
Is there any specific problem in our service which I could try and help fix?
How is the reception at your house?
If you provide me with your works zip code I will be sure to send a technical staff to improve the performance.
Thank you, let me just create the ticket to improve that for you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi I will be happy to assist you
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Hi Jonathan, are you still there? Did we lose connection?
No you do not need to. I see that you missed your flght.
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Hi I will be more than happy to help you on this?
What is your flight details?
I will book you on the next flight out tomorrow morning
There is a flight leaving at 830A
Does this work for you
awesome!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
awesome great!
have a good day!
Hi I will be happy to assist you with this
What is your address and phone number?
Thank you for providing this information
When did the problem begin?
Ok
Have you tried to restart the modem?
This could clear up the problem
perfect!
Is there any of concern of yours?
ok perfect, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Dannie, sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you make sure this doesn't happen again.
What is your account number associated with your account
Great thank you.  Please let me pull up your account information.  Standby.
I do see that you requested a signature when delivering the package.  I'm not sure why this was still delivered.
I will add a note to your account to make sure this doesn't happen again.  No problem.  Please give me a second while arrange the second package for you.
All set. I added the note about requiring a signature for delivery and processed the second package to be sent to you expedited free of charge.
In a second I will provide a confirmation number you will need to keep for your records.
Here is your confirmation number: aklasdfhjsl12341234.  Please keep this number for your records.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great,  thank you for calling ACME and have a wonderful day!
Hi I will be happy to help you
What is your address and phone number?
I am still looking over your account notes
I am sorry for the wait.
I am making a notation that you did not sign for the package.
I created your ticket
Yes within 24 hours
If not, please contact us
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I will be happy to assist you

Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination pleas
I do see that your flight was cancelled
I will rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10p or Sunday at 1p, Which time works for you?
Ok perfect. I am going to email you all the flight details to you.
You will receive them shortly.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok perfect , Thank you for choosing ACME! You have a wonderful day!
I will be happy to help you.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
I see you have been a customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us
I am very sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
I would like to offer you 35% off for 7 months and ill give you a signal booster free of charge. The signal booster retails for $495
Perfect, just for you, I will throw in 50%
perfect!
I am hapy
happy*
Im so excited I cannot even type. :-)
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Ok great have a good day!
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you with that.  Please give me the phone number associated with your account.
Great thanks, I have pulled up your account and I need to verify a couple of information with you.  What is your mother;s maiden name?
Great.   I'm looking at you account and it does show that modem was delivered today at 1100.  I do see a problem, the delivery confirmation states that the delivery was made to an address not posted on your account.
The delivery was sent to you address 467 Broadway not 476 Broadway that you have on you account.  Please give me a second to update this and get a modem out to you as soon as possible.
While I compile the order to your correct address, would like like to add a feature to request a signature apon delivery?
No we will have our team go and retrieve the modem delivered to the wrong address.
I will add that feature to your account for future orders.  Please give me second to make that adjustment.
all set.  I will have the new modem sent out to you with expedited shipping, free of charge.
your confirmation number is the following asfasfas1341234.  Please keep this in your records.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no problem. Have a great day.  Take care and thank you for using ACME.
Hey Kevin , I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your address so that I can have a look what is going on in the backend.
Thank you.
While I look, mind trying to force reset your system by pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
OK I am looking at your information. It seems like everything should be working.
Great,
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear you are not happy with our service. Is there nothing which I can do to convince you to stay?
would a 10% discount work for you ?
I am unable to offer that for you.
Sure let me process your cancelation order.
Just to confirm to process the cancelation order, it will cost you $360
OK your cancelation order has been processed. You will be receiving the information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sorry to see you leave see, have a good day.
Hey Kevin, let me help you.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you.
Looking at the system the best I can do is offer you a 20% discount of the remainder of the your cellphone contact.
OK let me update you account information.
Ok your information has been updated.
Is there anything else which I can do to try improve your experience?
Have a great day.
Hi I can process this for you
I pulled up your account
I am making a ticket to investigate the matter. I will have someone contact you in the next 2 hours.
Will this work for you
I just checked with USPS and your package is en route now
You should receive by end of day today
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Patricia!
I will be able to help you
you are very welcome
I pulled up your account. Have you tried to restart the modem?
This usually clears up the problem
Ok I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Are you available tomorrow at 10a for a home visit?
perfect! I have set up the appointment
You are all set.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great have a good day!
Hi I will be able to help you
I pulled up your account by your name
I see they are still investigating. This will take another 2 hours
Can I have your number so I can call you personally?
Thank you
I will call you back within the hour to update you on the status of the package
Is there anything else I can help you with today
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I can help you
I am pulling up your account.
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
since you do not have your package
please hold
The ticket has been created
You will get a call from an agent within the hour
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hey Dannie, let me assist you. Could you please provide me with your missed flights details?
Pulling up the flight details.
It seems that flight was canceled.
So I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
I have two flight available. One at 6p and the other at 8p.
would either of these help?
Great, let me booked you in for this flight and have an email sent with the ticket information.
OK done, your should have the ticket in your inbox.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you for the compliment. I hope you have a safe trip home.
Sure thing Robert. have you tried to restart your system?
OK could you provide me with your residential address so that I can look up what is going on?
OK, standby while I investigate.
Ok, I am not sure what is causing the problem. Let me create a ticket which for further investigation. A representative will contact you once we are able to establish what is cause the problem.
OK, standby while I update you information.
I mean create the ticket.
Ok your ticket has been created.
A representative should be calling you soon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
Hey Jonathan, have you tried to restart your system?
No problem, let me know when you are ready
Great news. Hope you enjoy your cable again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.
My name is Bob from ACME and I can help you with that.
What is your account number or phone number associated with your account
Thank you, please give me a second to look at your information.
ACME truly appreciates your business, please let me bring this to  my manager to see how we can keep you a part of ACME.
I understand  and we will do whatever we can to get the best deal for you.
My manager has given me permission to offer you a 25% reduction on your monthly bill.  This will drop you payments by $15 a month.  Would this be acceptable for you to stay with us at ACME?
Great news!
This will be reflected on  your next billing cycle.  Thank you deciding to stay with us.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Great, have a great day and thank you for being a valuable member of the ACME family!
Hello Patricia , Sorry to hear that . My name is Jay Kennedy and I will be  happy to help you with that.
Please provide me your account number so I can take a look.
Sorry to hear that.  Maybe I can help
I am looking at your account and I will go and speak with my manager to see what we can do to keep you apart of ACME
My manager has given me the ability to reduce your monthly plan by 15.00 per month for being a valuable customer.  This would reduce your monthly payments by 25%.  Does that help keep you with us?
We are currently upgrading our system to avoid such troubles in the future.
I have made the arrangements to your account.  You will see the change in your bill on your next billing cycle.
Thank you for choosing to stay with us.  Is there anything else I can do you for you?
Great!
On behalf of ACME we would like to thank you for being such a valuable customer!  Have a great day.
Hi I will help
I have pulled up your flight details
I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. have a safe flight!
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
I am sorry to hear this. The snow has been rather a lot this season
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.

Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great have a good day
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great have a good day!
Hi I will help I have pulled up your flight details. I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
tomorrow at 8a.
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi Jon. I have pulled up your account
I see you have been a loyal customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you a free signal booster and 50% off your bill for 12 months
You are very welcome.
I am happy!
Thank you for choosing ACME. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
ok great, Thank you soooo much! I really appreciate that! Have a good day!
Yes I can
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Has service restored?
Ok no worries
I have a creating a tech support ticket for you
I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
at 6p if that works for you
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
great!
Hey Bobby, let me assist you with this.
Can you please provide me with your residential address?
Thank you.
Ok first things first. Have you tried to restart you system?
And this did not help?
OK let me just verify what is going on from my side.
OK it seems like everything is ok from my side. Let me try and do a line reset from my side. One moment.
Ok it has been reseted, are you channels visible now?
Great. I am sorry for the interruption in service.
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Thank you for providing this!
I can help you with this quickly so your back to power
Please restart the modem
Has service restored
Don't feel stupid at all
It happened to me once
All good!
You're welcome. Well you have a great day!
Yes I can
I have the perfect solution to this problem
Please restart the modem and tell me if service restores
Ok no worries.

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you.

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
around 6p tonight
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Very welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you for providing this!

I can help you with this quickly so your back to power

Please restart the modem
Ok no worries

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
What time works for you
ok great, 6p.
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I can help you
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
I see youve been a loyal customer for 10 years
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off
and a free signal booster
Yes certainly
I am happy
I am so happy I was able to help
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great, have a good day!
I  can help you

What is your cell phone number
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off

and a free signal booster
The booster will fix all your reception issues
I can do 25% off for two years
Would that work?
Actually I spoke tomy manager
We will honor 30% off for two years
Yes absolutely
Perfect. Another happy customer!
Is there anything I can offer to bring you to full happiness?
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Yay!
Perfect!
Now that makes my day...another happy customer
I will put the booster in the mail today.
You are very welcome!
Now that we took care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
I am sorry to hear this and I want to make sure you are happy at all cost
If you wish to cancel, then there is a $200 cancellation fee since you still have 8 months left on your contract
I am sorry to see you leave. I personally am going to speak to my manager to see if there is anything we can do since I completely understand your frustration
Ok, not a problem. I will create a cancel ticket.
Service will be deactivated May 1st
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Yes absolutely
That will be fine
Great!
I took care of that for you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Sure thing Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our services.
Is there nothing which I can do to try and improve the service or encourage your to stay with us?
Ok let me have a look what it will cost to get you out of this contract. Taking the the remainder of the 8 month owed on the iPhone and also the cancelation fee. It will work out to roughly $360
Sure I can do that for you. Let me process this cancelation order
OK the cancelation order has been processed. You should be receiving all information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I hope you have a great day.
HI I will be able to help you.
What is your new address?
Thank you for providing me with this information. I have just updated your account
Yes  I can
My earliest available appointment is tomorrow at 10a
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
sweet. Have a great day!
I can help you
I have already pulled up your account
When did your problem start?
No problem
I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Will you be available tomorrow morning at 10a?
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
sweet. Have a great day!
Hi I can help
Can you provide your cell phone number?
It looks like you've been with us for a long time. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay
10 months at 50% off
I am sending you a free signal booster to help with the reception issues
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
have a great day!
Hi Yes I can
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
This usually fixes the problem
Thank you
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Thank yo
Thank you!
I have located your flight. I can rebook you at no charge
I have a flight leaving tonight at 8p
First class complimentary
Are you available?
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have an amazing day and safe flight!
Ok I can help you
What is your address?
thank you
I see that the package was left but I also noted that you did not sign for it
I am going to create a ticket to investigate the matter
I will send you out another one as well
You dont have to worry about anyting
I have taking care of it all
awesome. Have a great day!
Thank you
I have updated your account with the details
I am checking to make sure the service area is good
Thank you
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Sweet!
I will schedule you for 10a
awesome
You are all penciled in!
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You are very welcome!
Thank you. Please hold while I access your account
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Oh it is not your fault at all.
The card went through. I think there was a glitch with the bank's processing servers.
Service will be restored in 10 minutes
Aww my pleasure helping you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Enjoy!
I will be happy to help you!
I pulled up your flight details.
I can put you on the next flight available free of charge
And if I have first class seats I will upgrade you free of charge
The next flight out is at 8a tomorrow morning
Are you available?
You are very welcome
I have sent you the flight details via email.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi. Thank you
I found your account
The address matches what we have on file.
I will be opening up a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You will be contacted once the investigation is completed.
The investigation typically takes 24 hours to completee
If you do not hear back from someone within 24 hours, please contact us back.
I know, we are very quick here
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am sure we will. Our team is working around the clock to find your package.
Thank you
Hi, I I will be able to help you
When did the problems arise?
Does the problem still persist?
I have created a tech support ticket
I will send a technician out free of charge to check your cables
Will you be home tomorrow at 12p
sweet!
I will schedule the appointment right now
In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great . I have scheduled the appointment.
Have a great day!
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear that you unhappy.
What is your cell phone number?
You have been a loyal customer for 15 years. I would like to offer you a deal. What problems have you been experiencing?
Ok I see
To alleviate your reception issues, I am going to offer you a free signal booster
This booster retails at $675 and it improves cell reception quality by 95%
I am sending you the booster free of charge
on me!
And yes it works on 3G service.
In addition to the booster, I want to help you with the bill. 60% off for 6 months
You are very welcome.
Did I help you with everything today?
Awesome, I am pleased
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you!
ok
Hello Dani what is your old address so I can locate your account-Jody
Great I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you need service?
Let me have the new address so I can see if a technician is available in your area tomorrow for 2pm
I need your new address for new install service please
Will someone be home tomorrow at noon to receive the technician? Install should take 1-2 hours to complete.
Great. I have you set up for tomorrow at noon at 4972 Tyler Ave for new installation service. Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you have a great day enjoy your new service!
Hello Emily what is the address you would like new service?
I have a technician in the area tomorrow. Will there be someone home tomorrow between 2-4pm for the new installation?
OK great I have you set up for new installation for tomorrow at 2pm for 262 Wilson Street.  Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install.
can I help you with anything else today?
EMily can you please provide me with your cell phone number so I can look up your account?
I have pulled up your account and I see your last payment didnt go through.
For card  ending in 1235 if we can rebill today I can have your service up and running again shortly
OK I will process the payment now.
Your payment has gone through. Please power off your phone and power back on and you should be all set in the next 10 minutes.
have a great day
HI Josh let me pull up your account
OK I have a technician in your area is tomorrow. Will someone be available between 4-6pm tomorrow?
Great I can have a technician to your home tomorrow at 4pm
Josh youre confirmed for tomorrow at 4pm
Josh please update your application. to new version before next task. thanks
its running really slow in this end. we believe you need new version
I would be happy to help Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
Dani it appears your last payment was declined by your bank for card ending in 1235. In order to return service we need to rebill your account
Is this card ok to rebill?
or would you like to use another form of payment?
ok I will put payment through now.
ok your payment has gone through please power off your phone and power on again and you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hi Dani Can I have your account number
Ok I have pulled up your order. Is this the white or the black shelving?
Is this the white or black?
ok I have a new white shelf ordered. It should arrive within next 3-5 business days
We are very sorry for the inconveinence. We would like to offer you a new book to fill your new shelf. Whatbook would you like?
yes Maam. Which book in the series would you like?
OK I have included Harry Potter Book 6. It may be shipped separately from the shelf but will arrive shortly. Again sorry for your troubles. enjoy your book!
have a great day
ok can I have your account or order number please?
ok let me pull up your order
ok is this the white shelf? or black shelf?
ok I have a new black shelf ordered for you it should arrive within next 3-5 business days.
for your troubles we would like to give you a new book to fill your shelf? Who is your favorite author?
and what title would you like?
We can have the Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy title shipped within next 3-5 business days. Again sorry for your troubles. Enjoy your book!
ok great what is the account number so I can update your account
ok I will terminate at old address. What is the new address you would like service?
ok I have a technician available tomorrow at noon. Will there be someone available to receive him? Installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
ok grat I have you all set for tomorrow at noon for new installation. Please allow 1-2 hours for the install. Enjoy your cable!
have a great day
Hi Josh what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account
ok I have your account pulled up it appears your last payment didnt go through for card ending in 1235.
Are the funds available at this time to rebill this card or would you like to use another form of payment?
ok I will re-bill your card now.
ok your payment has been processed. please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within next 10 minutes.
have a great day!
ok what is your reservation code so I can pull up your flight?
yes I see that flight was cancelled.
I have another flight departing at 5pm this evening or 7am tomorrow morning non stop
would you like 5pm or 7am tomorrow flight? I would be happy to book it for you free of charge
ok I have you on FLight 1236 non stop to Houston departing at 5pm. You will receive your new tickets via email shortly.
what is the cell phone number Peter so I can pull up your account?
ok I have pulled up your account and your last payment of $55.50 did not go through on card ending 1235
Are the funds available for re-billing this card or would you like to use another source of payment?
ok I will process your payment now Peter.
ok your payment has been processed Peter please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within 10 minutes
have a great day!
HI Emily what is the flight number?
ok i have pulle dup the flight and yes I was cancelled due to weather.
I have 2 other available flights one leaves today at 5pm and the other at 7pm. Which do you prefer?
ok EMily I have you on flight 3457 departing at 7pm non stop to NYC. There is no additional charges. You will be receiving confirmation via email shortly.
have a great flight
Hi Josh sorry to hear that what is the order number so I can pull it up?
ok I see your 4 tier shelf unit. Is this a white or black unit?
ok I can have the new black shelf out to you in 3-5 business days.
sorry for  your troubles we would like to offer yo ua new book for your shelf! What is your book of choice?
ok great I will have that book sent out it may come in separate package. enjoy your book!
have a great day
ok what is your account number so I can pull up your acount?
ok and the new address you need service to update our accounts
I have a technician available thursday at noon. will there be someone available to receive the technican?
ok grat I have an appointment set up for you on thruday at noon please allow 1-2 hours for the installation
oh no! What is the order number so I can pull up your account Peter.
ok so that is the black shelf for the unit. I can have it out to you in 3-5 business days.
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new shelf. what title would you like?
Sure thing we can send that along with your free delivery
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Hi Josh I see many flight delays in your area. can I have your reservation number please?
ok yes I see that flight was cancelled. I have another flight leaving at 5pm non stop to San Diego that I can put you on.
ok I am sending your new flight plans via email to you now. Have a safe flight!
sorry to hear that. what is the cellular phone number?
I pulled up your account and your card ending 3499 was declined. if funds are avilable now we can re-bill your card and get you sorted.
ok I will re-bill your card now. one minute please
ok your payment haas gone through please power off and power on your phone again and your service should be restored within the next 10 minutes
oh boy sorry to hear that. what is her reservation number?
yes I see that flight was actually cancelled for weather. we have a new flight departing at 7pm this evening that I can put you on.
ok I have you booked on the 7pm flight to Houston. You will be receiving your confirmation via email shortly. There are no additional charges for this flight change. Sorry for your troubles.
have a safe flight!
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while pull up your order details.
Ok I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookshelf? Is this correct?
Ok, no problem. Let me order the extra shelf for you. Stanby
OK your shelf is ordered and will be delivered in two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
Peter? Are you still there?
Great, thank you, I see this flight was also canceled due to bad weather. Let me booked you a new flight free of charge. I have two flights, one at 3pm and the other at 10pm, which would you prefer?
OK, standby when I book the flight and have the ticket emailed to you.
Ok your tickets are booked. Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Great have a good day.
Hi Patricia can you please provide me with your order number so I can lookup your account?
what is your phone number i will look up that way
ok I have pulled up your order. which color is your unit black or white?
ok I have white replacement shelves in stock . i can have it to you in 3-5 business days.
We are sorry for your troubles, we would like to gift you a book to adorn your new shelf. What title would you like to receive?
Since you are unsure I am gifting you an Amazon Gift card for $10 for a book of your choice at a future date. You will receive the gift card via email shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Hi Patricia. what is the phone number associated iwth your account
ok I have pulled up your account. what is the address for the new service?
OK i have checked and the earliest appointment I have is on Thursday at 1pm for new installation. Will there be someone home to receive the technician? Installation takes approximately 1-2 hours
Ok I hvae you confirmed for Thursday at 1pm for new install at 4721 Hickory Lane. Enjoy your new service!
what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account..
ok it looks like your last payment didnt go thru on card #3478
If the funds are avilable now I can rebill the card or you can use another form of payment.
ok I have rebilled your card ending in 3478 on file and payment was successful. Please power off your phone and power back on to reset. Service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes.
have a great day
ok what is phone number on the account?
ok I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you would like the service installed?
I have a technician in that area available on Wednesday for a new install between 12noon and 2 pm. Will there be someone available to receive the technician?
ok I have you set for Wednesday at noon. Installation takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your new cable service!
ok what is your phone number
ok what is the new address you would like service moved to ?
ok the earliest available appointment for new install I have is wednesday at 2pm-4pm. Installation takes approx 1-2 hours. Will there be someone there to receive the techniciain?
ok great I have you all set for Wed at 2pm for a new install. Enjoy your new cable!
what is the reservation #?
ok what is email used to place the reservation?
sure, what is the date of birth of the passenger and their last name?
ok Ms Southern I have an available flight tonight at 6pm. WIll that work?
ok I have you booked on next flight departing at 6pm non stop to Houston. I will be sending your new flight confirmation via email shortly. Safe Travels!
what is your cellular number sir?
ok I have pulled up your account and it seems that your card ending in 6789 was declined.
we can rebill that card if funds are available or you can choose another form of payment to restore service
ok I have rebilled your card and the payment went through. Please power off and on your phone. service should be restored within 5- 10 miniutes
Hi Josh what is the phone number associated with your account?
ok it looks like your card ending in #4578 was declined for last payment.
IN order to resume service we can rebill account or you can choose another form of payment
this happens sometimes with bank holidays. I will rebill now.
ok your payment was successful. pleas power off and power on your phone to reset. service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes
have a great day!
what is the order number or phone number on the account?
let me pull up your account
ok that is the 5 shelf bookcase. Is it the black or white color model?
ok I have that replacement part in stock I can have it sent to you within the next 3-5 business days
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new book shelf. what title would you like?
Sure thing. It will come in a separate package and will arrive within 3-5 business days. Again we apologize for the missing part and will have the replacement out asap. have a great day!
oh no! what is the order number and i will see what I can do
ok I see you ordered a 5 shelf bookcase. Is your unit black or white?
ok I have that in stock and can have it out to you in 2-4 business days. sorry for your troubles.
Hi Nancy what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok and what is the new address you want service in?
ok I have a technician in the area tomorrow at noon will there be someone home to receive him?
ok great so I have you set for tomorrow at noon for new install at 4216 traction street. the install takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your cable service!
oh boy. what is the flight number and I will see what i can do.
yes I am showing that flight was cancelled due to weather. I have two options. I have a flight departing at 5pm today with a stop in Detroit OR I have a flight leaving at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston. Which do you prefer?
ok I have you booked on the 5 pm flight with a stop in Detroit. I will email your new travel itinerary to the email on your account. Enjoy the rest of your day at the resort and safe travels!
have a great day!
sur ethig what is the phone number associated withthe account?
ok and what is the NEW addres you would like service to?
I have a technician in the area on wednesday between 2-4pm will there be someone home to receive the tech?
ok I have you all set for wednesday at 2pm  installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
enjoy your new service!
sorry your are having troubles. what is cell phone number on the account?
yes I have pulled up your account and it appears that your card ending in 5678 was declined for payment
in order to restore service we can rebill the card or you can provide another source of payment?
ok please provide the new card number...
and the three digit security code on reaer of card?
ok one moment while i process payment
your payment was successful please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
same to you!
oh no! that's terrible. what is your reservation # and I will see what i can do...
ok I am showing alot of flights cancelled in that area. the next available flight is at 7pm with a stop in Detroit or another flight tomorrow morning at 6am non stop to Houston.
ok I have you booked on the 6am nonstop to houston. I will email your new flight itinerary now. Enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
have a great day!
Hi Kevin...sorry you are having trouble with your phone. what is the cell number on your account?>
i see the problem. your card ending in 4578 was declined for the last payment. we can rebill the card if funds are available or you can provide another source of payment to restore service
ok I have run your card again and the payment was succeessful. Please power off and power back on your phone to reset. Service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
have a great day Kevin
HI Nancy. Lets look up the order. what is the order number and I will see what we can do
it looks like you ordered a 5 tier shelf. is your unit white or black?
ok I have white shelves in stock i can get it out to you today and should arrive in 2-4 business days.
We are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new bookshelf? What title would you like to receive?
NO i will send the replacement shelf and your new book out today. they will come in separate packages but should arrive within 2-4 business days
have a great day Nancy
oh no sorry to hear that Nancy. what was your reservation # so I can look it up for you
I am showing the flight was cancelled so no worries we can reschedule you on the next available flight
I have a flight dparting at 7pm tonight with a stop in detroit or a nonstop to houston tomorrow morning at 7am...which do you prefer?
ok I have you on the 7am nonstop to houston tomorrow morning. I will be sending your new flight itinerary to your email now. Since the flight was cancelled there is no fee asscoiated with this change. is there anything else I can help you with today?
enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
Hi Kevin. Im sorry you are having troubles. what is the order number and let me see what I can do to help
ok that is the 5 tier book shelf. and is your unit the black or the white color?
is it white or black?
ok I have black shelves in stock I can send it out today and it will arrive in 2-4 business day
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has casused i would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new bookshelf. What title would you like?
Wonderful choice! I will send that out today as well and will arrive in different package but should arrive within 2-4 business days as well
Again sorry for the trouble and enjoy your reading of 50 shades of grey!
sorry that has happened what is your flgiht number so I can look  up your flight?
yes I am showing all figiht out that airport have been cancelled. the next flight out will be tomorrow morning at 7am but it is a nonstop flight to houston.
ok I have you booked on the 7am flght to houston. I will be emailing you the new itinerary shortly. Safe travels.
have a great day
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable. Have you checked all the connections to make sure the wires are secure?
ok please find the "Input" buttin on your remote and make sure the input is set to HDMI
ok great! Glad to hear it! Anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day!
oh no! Lets see what we can do to fix that. what is your telephone number?
ok josh i am not showing any outages in your area. so lets check all the wires going from wall to cable and then cable to tv and make sure they are all tight and secure.
ok now look at remote and find "Input" button. make sure it is set to hdmi
and is the tv guide appearing on screen?
ok go to next input on your tv that is hdmi and see if it is in another port
ok I am going to create a ticket for next level of tech support to give you a call back at this number 555-318-0888 they should be contacting you within the hour.
have a great day.
Hi Dannie what is the phone number associated with account?
ok and what is the new address you would like service provided?
I have a technician available in that area on Wednesday between 12-2pm will there we someone there to receive the technician for the installation?
Sure thing that is included with new installation. the technician will replace all the wiring. you are all set for wednesday at noon. installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
ok can you give me the phone number associated with the account let me look it up and see what we can do
ok yes I am showing it delivered on my end. let me give UPS a call and see if we can track the package more securely. We should have an answer within next 2 hours.
you will be receiving a call from us within next two hours. if we cannot locate the package we will file a claim and send a new one out tomorrow.
oh no! lets see what we can do. First what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok there doesnt appear to be any outages in your area. so let s trouble shoot a little bit and see if we can get you working again.
please check all the connects from wall to cable and then from cable box to tv please and make sure they are tight and secure
ok now locate the input on the remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI please
is the tv guide appearing on screen?
ok since all the connect s are good inside and there arent any outages. I am going to create a ticket for a tech to come out and check the signals. You should be notified by the tech dept within next two hours.
ok its definitely a problem and might be box itself. i escalated your ticket and i do have two techs out in your area and i put you on list for today so they should be contacting you within next two hours for a visit.
Its before 5pm so we are able to help same day. Thank you for using Acme Cable
ok lets look up your account and see if we can track it down. what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok i am showing it is a USPS delivery and the have until 8pm to deliver even though it says delivered it may still be out with a carrier. its currently 3:13pm so if package doesn't arrive by 8pm tonight. please call us back and we will file a claim and send a new one out overnight expresss
thanks enjoy rest of your day
sure first lets look up your account what is the cell phone number?
ok Peter I show you on a 3G 900 minute plan for $99 with 5 Gig of data. I can put you on a 4G plan unlimited for only $79 with same 5Gig of data. It seems you have been a loyal Acme customer for 4 years but no one ever updated your service. that could be the issue.
ok so since you are still under contract I am simply going to make the change and waive the $35 activation fee. you will see the credit prorated difference on your next bill.
thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
what is the phone number associate with account?
it seems your card ending in 1234 was declined for payment. to restore service i can rebill if funds are available ot you can provide another form of payment.
ok your payment on card 1234 has been successful so please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored in 5-10 muntes
ok lets look up your account what is the phone number asscoiated with your account
ok I am showing that its being delivered via USPS. they show it delivered but actually have until 8pm tongiht to deliver. it is currently 3:23pm. So even though it says it was delivered it still may be with carrier.
if you dont have a note on your door, it is probably still on truck. it is marked delivered when they give it to carrier unfortunately. So please allow them to deliver. if its not delivered i will file claim and have another shipped overnight express
ok it should arrive by tomorrow so sorry for the trouble.
have a great day
HI Josh why would you like to cancel your account today?
lets look at your account what is the cell phone number?
it appears you are on a 3G plan. there is 4 g service available in your area. this may be the source of your issues
i can upgrade you for free today to the 4 G plan and see how that works better with your phone.
ok great. your rate plan will not change in price. but i think this will solve your issues.
just power off and on your phone for me to reset it and you should be all set!
ok lets look and see your account and see what has been done what is the phone number on your account?
ok I am showing that the package was delivered but you didn't receive it. So at this point, I can file a claim and send a new modem out to you overnight express it should arrive tomorrow evening.
ok great thank you for being so patient and sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
hi what is the order number let me look and see if we have in stock
ok that is the 5 tier shelf. is your model white or black?
ok I have black in stock i can get that out to you today and should arriv ein 2-4 business days.
we apologize for this issue and would like to offer you a free book of your choice to adorn your bookshelf. What title would you like to be delivered?
Sure great choice. it will arrive in separate package but arrive in same 2-4 day  window.
have a great day!
sorry to hear no one got back to you let me look up your account and see what i can do. what is your phone number on the account?
ok i see your claim and i see that UPS states they delivered it but you never received the modem. Since they didnt capture a signature, they are responsible so we will be sedning a new modem out to you overnight express and will file a cliam against UPS.
you should receive new modem via Fedex tomorrow before 5 pm
sorry for the inconvenience have a great rest of your day
Hi Peter. sorry to hear you want to leave us lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
ok I pulled up your account. it seems you have recently changed plans and it was mid billing cycle and so additional charges were prorated. then it seems a auto payment was declined.
but your service is currently working right?
ok I am also looking at your account and you recently upgraded to an iphone 6 but for some reason you are still on a 3 G plan. that could be the source of your issues. I can upgraded you to unlimited calling 4G plan with 10 Gigs of data for $10 less per month. I believe the 4 G will sove your issues
there will be no charges associated with this change and no extension of your contract. this is just to put you on the right towers for your smartphone. I do need you to power your phone completely off then power back on to reset it.
you should see a 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when your phone reboots now
ok now try opening safari
ok if your browser is open it should be moving much faster now.
ok well I hoped this will resolve some of the issues you are having. the new rate will be applied to your next billing cycle and you  should see the reduction.
have a great day and thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
sure lets see what is available....what is the reservation number?
ok yes all flights whave been cancelled from that airport due to icing and snow. so the next flight is available at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston.
ok i have you booked non stop to Houston departing at 7am tomorrow. i will email you your new itinerary shortly.
Hi Kevin! oh boy lets see what we can do first let me bring up your account...what is the phone number on the account?
ok Kevin it seems like there are some scattered outages in your area. what is your zip code?
yes your area was affected. we have technicians working on it now. it should be resolved by 5pm tonight.
we are sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you so we would like to offer you a month free HBO. As you may know Game of thrones new season started yesterday and you can catch up on old seasons with HBO GO
is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day and enjoy your HBO!
ok let me see what is going on with that. what is the phone number on the account?
what is the phone number on the account?
ok it seems UPS states they delivered but the driver didnt capture a signature so we are going to open a claim against UPS and I will send you out a new modem overnight via fedex. it should arrive by 5pm tomorrow. I will email you the tracking information as soon as it is generated.
Im very sorry someone didnt follow up with you but i assure you it will be delivered via Fedex. if you have any issues you can call me directly ay 800 555 1212 x523 my name is Tonya.
ok lets see what we can do...what is the phone number on the account?
ok it shows delivered by USPS but it is only 409pm and they have until 8 pm to deliver. So if you didnt receive a signature notice on your door it still may be out with carrier
ok let me open a ticket with USPS. but they do have until 8pm to deliver. if not delivered by 8pm then I can file a cliaim and ship anew one out via fedex overnight.
ok I have a ticket open. please call after 8pm we are open until 11pm Eastern time. if you havent received your package i can escalate the ticket right away. my direct line is 800 555 1212 xt 567
have a great day
lets see! what is your phone number on the account?
yes I am showing outages in your area. can you just make sure all your connects from wall to box and box to tv are all tight and secure?
ok and find the input button on your remote and make sure it is set to HDMI please
Ok great!! is there anything else I can help you with today??
HI Peter I am sorry your cable isnt working lets see what we can do. first what is the phone number on the account
ok Peter i am showing there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting. please check and make sure both tv and cable box are plugged in and powered on and all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure
ah a simple fix. glad to hear its working. sometimes those wires come loose. can i help you with anything else today?
have a great day!
Hi Peter. lets pull up your account and make sure there arent any outages in your area what is the phone number on the account?
ok there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting and see if we can get you working
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
Awesome! Glad you are working again. is there anything lse I can help you with today
Hi EMily lets look and make sure there arent any outages. what is the phone number on the account?
ok it seems we have some outages in your area. what is your zip code?
ok its not in your grid but lets just make sure everything is working onside your home.
please make sure your box and tv are both plugged in and on.
also check the wire from wall to box and box to tv and make sure they are tight and secure
ok now find the input on your remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI
is the tv guide popping up?
ok click that input button again to any other hdmi ports just in case your cable is plugged into another port
ok I can open a ticket for you and have a technician come out tomorrow at 8am. willthere be someone home to receive the tech?
ok great i have opened a service call for you for tomorrow at 8am
have a great night
ok let me look up your account. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i am showing it was marked delivered by UPS but no signature was captured. we require signatures on all electronic deliveries. so i will open a ticket for a claim and send a new on e overnight express
you should get it tomorrow by 5 pm
ok let me pull up your account and see what what we can do
what is the phone number on account?
ok Kevin i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6. so those charges were prorated since you changed in middle of billing cycle
but i also see that they didnt change you from 3G to 4G service when you upgraded from yourGLide phone. SO that may be the source of your issues
yes i can. as a matter of fact the 4G iphone plan has more data and is $10 cheaper than your current plan.
ok I have made the change. but you need to reset your phone so please power phone completely off and restart. and you should see the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when it reboots
your welcome! have a great night and thank you for being a loyal ACME customer
Hey Peter, could you please provide me with your address details?
Thank you, standby while I look what is going on in the system
ok it seem according to the system your package was left at the front door, where it clearly was not suppose to.
What I will need to do is create a ticket which will be used for further investigating into this matter. A agent will contact you once we have the outcome of this investigation.
Ok the ticket has been created, a Agent should contact you within the next 24 hours.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear. Let me try and assist you. When did this problem begin?
Could you provide me with either your account number/ cellphone number or address details please?
Thank you Kevin. Let me pull up the information and see what is going on.
OK I have your details in front of me. Would it be ok if I authorize a reset from my side?
Normally this helps to resolve the problem.
Ok I have issued the reset request. You should see some flickering on your side. Let me know once you system has returned to normal.
Great:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
ok first what is the account phone number so i can pull it up
ok it seems we have some outages  in your area but lets make sure everything is how is how it should be
please make sure all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure and tv AND box are both plugged into outlet
ok find the input button on the remote and make sure tv is set to hdmi please
there you are!
ok please find the input button on remote and make sure that tv is on hdmi
is the tv guide popping up?
great! tv must be set to hdmi. probably hit button on remote by mistake.
have a great night
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our service.
I will be able to help you cancel your service. Please provide me with the primary account holders cellphone number
Thank you Josh. Let me just check what is going on in your account and give you the details regarding the cancelation procedures.
It seems you have still got 8 months on your iPhone contact. What we can do is waive the cancelation fee and only charge you for the remainder of the iPhone costs.
Is this acceptable?
The remainder totals to $120
Standby while I process the cancelation.
Ok your cancelation has been processed, you will be receiving information via the mail
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Again, I am sorry to see you go. But have a great day.
ok let me pull up your account and see if i can track it. what is your phone number associated with the account?
ok i am showing it is being sent via USPS and they have until 8 p to deliver
if it isnt delivered please call me back driectly and i will escalate a claim my direct number is 888 555 1212 xt 456
yes let me see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i am showing it is due to arrive by 8 pm tonight via USPS even though it says it was delivered they have until 8pm
yes i can file a claim after 8 pm its only 4:45pm so I cannot open a claim without allowing the full window for them to deliver.
ok let me pull up your account what is phone number associated with account?
ok I am showing it was delivered via UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so i am going to open a cliam and send a new modem out via FEDEX and you should receive by 5 pm tomorrow
I am sorry to hear that you are unhappy with our service.
Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number of the primary account holder?
Thank you, standby while  I pull up the account information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
I am sorry Peter, but that is the fee to cancel the contact. Taking into account how unhappy you are, could I convince you to stay with ACME if we provide you a 10% discount per month on your remaining bill?
Sorry Peter, but I believe that is the best I can currently do.
Great news:) Let me just authorize this discount.
OK it has been done. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
ok lets see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account so i can try and track the package?
ok i show it was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature so that is their fault
i am going to file a claim and send a new one out via FEDEX
ok it should arrive by 5 pm tomorrow
ok lets look up your account and see if i can track your package>? what is the phone number on the account?
ok i pulled up your account. it appears it is beign delivered by UPSPS. they have until 8 pm to deliver and it is currently 4:45pm
yes it may be still out with a carrier they mark it delivered when carrier takes it out post office
no problem if it doesnt arrive by 8pm please call me back direct we are open until 11pm at 888 555 1212 ext 567 and i will escalate the claim
ok lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6 and are on a 900 minute per month 3G plan
they should have upgraded you to a 4G plan for such a powerful smartphone.
i can upgrade you to an unlimited plan for $10 less per month and the 4G should solve the dropped call problem
ok there is no additional charges for the change and wont change you contract length at all. this should have been changed when you upgraded last month.
just power your phone completely off and back on to reset and you shoudl see the change right away with the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME on your iphone
great anything else i can help you with today?
thank you for being a loyal acme customer
ok lets look up you account and see whats happening
what is the phone number on the acount?
ok I am seeing the package was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so lets open a claim since they were supposed to get a signature and I will send a new one out reight away via fedex
no it is UPS fault there is no charge to you
ok so i opened a claim and new modem will be delivered by 5pm tomorrow via fedex
Hey Peter, Let me assist you with canceling your contract
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
Instead of making them reimburse you, what I can do is make a ticket saying you plan to transfer. Then when they contact us to transfer your number we will be able to streamline the process. How does that sound?
Great, let me get everything ready on our side, then when you transfer everything will be very smooth for you.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
Hey Emily, I will be able to assist you with canceling your cellphone contract. Please provide me with your cellphone number
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
Are these dropped calls occurring at a specific location or just in general?
Would you be interested in trying a cellular booster? This should help improve the reception at your house?
Great, I will place an order for it to delivered and setup at your house within the next 2 working days.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok so you never got the delivery and ups says they delivered but they didnt get a signature. so i am going to file a claim now and send another modem out via fedex overnight to you.
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i pulled up your account and it was to be delivered via UPS and they didnt capture signature so its their fault. so i will open a claim now and send you a new one via fedex
im very sorry someone didnt get back to you but my direct line is 888 555 1212 ext 567. your modem should be delivered by 5 pm tomorrow
ok let me see hwat i can do to help. what is the phone number on the account?
yes i pulled up your order and it was supposed to arrive via UPS and they marked it delivered but didnt capture a signature.
ok so here is what we can do. i will escalate this and file a claim against them. its their fault for not getting signature and i am going to send a new one out via Fedex overnight to you
have a great night. if you have any further issues i can be reached direct at 8885551212 ext 567 my name is tonya
ok let me see how i can help. what is the cell phone number?
ok i see you are using a Galaxy 5 cell phone and recently upgreaded
it looks like your last phone was not a smart phone and they didnt swithch you from a 3G to a 4G plan. that could be the source of your issues
so I can switch you plan to the correct one now at now charge and actually the 4G plans are on special the month of APril unlimited calling and text with 5Gigs of data for $10 less per month than what you are paying now
i do belive you will se an improvement on the 4G network. please power off your phone completely and then restart and you will se the change right away and see 4G LTE symbol next to ACME
have a great day
Hi Emily. let me pull up your account and see what is happening
what is the phone number on the account?
what is the phone number on the account?
ok it looks like it was shipped via UPS and they didnt get a signature so they were supposed to on all electronics. i can file a claim and get a new one shipped out today via fedex and should arrive by 5pm tomorrow
ok let me pull up your account and see what is happening
what is the phone number associated witht the account?
ok i have pulled up your account and I see you called in 2 days ago about a missing modem package
we filied an inquiry and UPS failed to get a signature. so at this point we can file a claim and I will send you a new modem via Overnight Fedex
ok great you should have it by 5pm tomorrw and if you have any issues you can call me direct at 88855512121 ext 567
I am sorry, you seems to have joined after we shut down for the day. Please submit the hit, we will gladly accept the hit:)
Hey there.
Hi Emily . I will be happy to assist you with that
What is your new address?
Great , give me a second while I update our system with your new address
In the meantime, when would be a good time for your installation?
Great. I've updated your address. Let me see when is the next available appointment
How about tomorrow at 5pm?
Great ! The installation guy will arrive then . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good day!
Hi Emily, absolutely
Can you please verify your phone number?
Great , just a second as I look up your account number
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Should I retry the credit card you have on file?
Great, let me give that a try now
Great , that went through . Your is back in good standing , and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good one!
Hi Kevin , I will be happy to help you with this
Can you please verify your phone number?
Great , just a second as I look up your account
It looks like your last payment was declined
Should we just try and recharge the card on file?
Great, let me try that now
Great, that went through. Your is back in good standing, and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good one!
Great
Let me help you with that.  What is your name and your new address?
Great Patricia , please hold while I input that into the system
Great Patricia I added your address to the system.  When would be a good time to install the new system?
Tomorrow Morning would work great
Please provide an email address you can use for receipt of this transaction
Great I'll input that into the system and confirm that you are receiving your new internet installation tomorrow morning
Just one more moment so I can get your confirmation number
Here it is . Your confirmation number is 6987 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great thank you.  Consider this is resolved.
Hello William . Totally , I will help you with that
What is your new address?
Alright, give me a sec while I update your address
You said you need help with the installation: when will be a good day for us to come by?
Sure, we should have times available for Saturday. Just a moment
Alright, I've updated your address in our system.
Yup, it looks like we could come by at 2PM on Saturday. Does that work?
Great . We will arrive around 2PM . Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks William - have a good one!
Hello Emily, sorry to here that.  I can help you get this resolved
What is your account number
Great thank you.  Please give  me a second to update the system and pull up your account inforamtion.
I looked at your account and saw that the delivery man did deliver a package however I see where the issue is.  Please verify your full address.
Thats where the problem is.  The delivery man delivered your package to 21 Rodeo.  We will send a new package out in the morning to the correct address.
No problem . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
consider this resolved then.  Have a great day.
Hey, I'm sorry to hear that Peter. I'll definitely help you with that
To get started , can you please tell me the phone number on your account?
Great, thanks. Let me see what I can do here to help you out. One moment please
Absolutely. How long have you had problems for
Yeah, that's a long time to have issues. I'm sorry to hear that
Ok, here's what I can do. I can give you a retroactive discount of 20% for the past 6 months, for a total of $108. This could be applied towards your two upcoming bill payments.
How does that sound?
We are also in the process of rolling out network upgrades across the nation, and so you should be seeing service improvements in the coming months
Great, I've applied the discount towards your account - you should see it reflected on your upcoming two bills. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for sticking with us. Have a good day!
Hi Particia. Let me see what I can do
The fastest check would be for you to restart your modem. Can you try that please?
Ok, I will send a reset signal to your modem now. It will take about 30 seconds. Hang tight
Ok, does it work for you now?
Excelent ! I am very happy to hear that . anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good day Patricia.
Hi Patricia. I'm sorry, but we just closed for the day. Please check back tomorrow.
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Good day, I can surely assist you
May I please have your  new address
Can I please have your state
Thank you so much for the information
May I please have a second just to see if the address is serviceable?
I see the address is serviceable
I have updated the database with your new address. Will it possible that we can install on 4222015?
Thank you so much. Will there be somebody home at 09:00AM?
Thank you I have scheduled the installation. Is therre anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
Good day, I can certainly assist you with that. May I have your new street, apartment number as well as your Zip and state?
Thank you so much for the information. I have updated the system with your new address. Please give me a second to verify that the address is serviceable.
I see the address is serviceable. Will it suit you if we install on Thursday?
Will 09:00 AM suit you?
Thank you will there be somebody home?
Thank you, I have scheduled the installation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
I will ceratinly be able to assist you with that.
May I please have your cell number?
Sorry for the delay. I do see the last payment were unsuccesfull. Will it possible for me to re-bill the card?
Thank you. I have re-billed the card and the payment was successful.  Your service is reactivated, it will take between 5 and 10 minutes for you to use the system.
Is tehre any else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
Hello, I can certainly assist you with that.
Ca please have your cell number?
Thank you so much for the information. May I have a second just to look up your account?
Thank you for waiting. I see that the last payment were declined. Is it possible that I can re-bill that card now?
I have re-billed your account and the payment was succesfull, your service has been reactivated, it usually takes 5 - 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
May I ask ha ve a note been left at the door?
I'm so sorry to hear that. May I please have your address?
Thank you so much for hte information
I have verified the address, it corresponds to the address we have on our system. The notes state that the package was left at the door.
I will open ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated; we will be contact you when the investigation is complete.
The investigation process typically takes 24  hours and if have not heard from us within 24hour please contact backus again.
Anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service have a nice day
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
May I ask you if there was a note left at the door?
May I ask you to provide me the details of the note?
I am so sorry to hear that. Can I have your address please?
Thank you so much for that information.
I can confirm that the address is the same as we have on record. I wil open and investigating ticket for you. So that we can investigate the problem.
We will contact you within 24 hours. If you do not hear from us within the next 24 hours, will you be so kind and contact us again?
Thank you. Is there anything else I can assisit you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
Thank you. Good Bye
Sorry for the wait, I can help you .
no problem. I can help
Sorry to hear that I can help you with that.
What is the flight number and the address of the flight you were supposed to take?
Hello Werner how may I help you today?
Sure I can help you with that? Could you please provide me with your new address?
Let me update that information on our system
OK Wernzio, I have updated your address to the system
Ok let me go ahead and request a work order for a new installation. Give me a moment...
OK a installation order has been places. Seems the earilest we will be able to help you  is from the 20th February onwards
does that suite you?
good, I have scheduled. A operator will be contacted you one day prior to lock down a time slot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day Wernzio
Hey Wernzio, What problems are you experiencing?
Interesting, let me quickly have a look what the status for your neighborhood is.
Give me a moment
It seems currently we are experiencing technical problems in near your vicinity.
We have sent out a technician and expect to have the problem resolved within the next 30min. I am sorry for the inconveniences.
Give or take a few minutes. If you wish to check in later what the status is just contact us again.
Can I assist you with anything else?
In that case have a good night further Wernzio.
Hey Snoopy, I am able to help you
Could you please specify you address?
Great let me input that into the system,  I will also order create a new installation request at that location...
give me one moment
OK Snoopy, you address has been updated. I have also created a new installation ticket. The earliest we can help you is 20 February at 15:00. Does this suite you?
Great snoopy, I have created the ticket. A operator will contact you a day before the time to verfiy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, Snoopy. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further!
Hello snoopy, how may I help you?
I am sorry to hear that. Let me look on the system if there are any notification regarding the area close to where you live.
One moment
Snoopy, it seems we are currently experiencing technical problems. We have however dispatched a technician to resolve this problem.
We apologies for this inconvenience, the technician just got back to us and says the problem should be resolved in 30min.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hello Jason, i can help you with that. Could you please specify you new address?
OK let me just add that to the system give me a moment.
OK Jason, your new address has been inputted. Would you like me to transfer your service to that address also?
That is no problem, let me schedule and installation appointment.
OK Jason, an appointment has been scheduled, the earliest we are able to help is Thursday the 19 Feb at 15:00. Does this suite you?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, in that case have a good day further.
test
hello werner how are things going ?\
Hey John, I can help you with that. Could you please give me your new address?
let me input that into the system. Give me one moment.
OK John, your address has been updated. The earliest available appointment is, Friday morning the 20th Feb. At 10:00am.
Does this time suite you?
OK John, I have confirmed the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good, thank for your time. Was a pleasure helping you.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me quickly pull up the system information for your area
A it seems there is a service outage reported. I also see we have dispatched a technician.
Let me contact to find an estimated time on completion
OK John, I have just gotten off the phone with the technician and he mentioned that it was only a minor glitch. He should have service back up and running by 30min.
Is that fine ?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Great in that case have a good day further John
Hello werner, How may I assist you today?
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me quickly try and pull up your information, one moment please
I see you purchase two sets of ticket to watch goldfish? However you mention you only intended to purchase 1 set?
OK, what I will do is issue a refund on the one set of tickets. I will however have to void the second set of tickets, which you did not intend on buying.
OK Wernzio, I have voided you second set of tickets. The tickets ending with numbers 1238 will no longer be valid.
I have also issued a refund to the credit card that you used to purchase the tickets
The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well in that case, thank for contacting us. It was a pleasure helping you and thanks for choosing ACME as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Hello Olyvia, I can help you with that
Could you please specify your new address?
Give me one moment while I input that into the system.
OK I have updated your information.\
Let me create a new work order for the installation.
I have requested a new work order. According to the system the earliest a technician will be able to come to do the installation is on Friday the 20 Feb
does this time suite you?
It would be in the afternoon
Hello Olyvia
would friday afternoon, the 20 February work for you?
Are you having problems seeing my messages?
Olyvia, are you experiencing any problem reading or seeing my messages?
Great, thank for the feedback:) I will add that to  bugs which required fixing.
I have scheduled, the installation.
anything else I can help you with?
Great in that case have a good day further.
Hello Olyvia, I am sorry to hear that. What problems are you experiencing?
I am sorry about that. Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
in that case let me, have a look on the system if we have any technical issues reported around your region.
It seems there is currently a technical issue that have been reported. We have sent out a technician and I see on the system he estimates it will take 30min to resolve the problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great Olyvia, it was a pleasure helping you. Thanks for using ACME. Hope to have you watching TV soon again.
Hey there Olyvia, let me look into this.
I see on the system you were billed twice for a set of Goldfish ticket. Is this correct?
For official reason I just need to ensure that you did not with to received two sets of tickets
In the case what I will do is refund your credit card which you used to do the purchase, give me one moment while I authorize this.
OK Olyvia, I have refund your credit card. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hello Kris, I am able to assist you with this. Could you please specify your new address?
Great I will input that into the system and check availability of our technicians
You address has been updated, it seems the earliest we can help you currently is Monday the 23rd of February
in the afternoon
So that will in a time between 13:00 - 17:00, will there be somebody present at that time?
Great in that case. I will just confirm the work order. While I do that is there anything else I can assist you with?
I have confirmed your installation request.
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further
Hey there Kris, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
I am assuming it did not resolve the problem. How long have you been experiencing this problem?
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up the status report for your area...
Ahh, I see we experienced a technical failure of the routing system close to your apartment. Good news tho, we have send out a technician and he has report the problem should be fixed within the next hour.
I hope it is not of too much inconvenience, luckily it is not super bowl:)
Is the anything else I can assist you with? Would you like me to add your number to a list which will be notified when service is resumed?
OK Kris, in that case have a great day. I hope you will be watching TV again in no time.
Let me look into this for you. Give me a moment.
I see your credit card was charged twice. According to the system they also issued you two sets of tickets. From my understanding this was unintentional?
What I will need to do it revoke the second set of tickets and authorize a refund. Will it be fine if I refund it to the credit card you used to make the purchase?
Ok, let me quickly do this for you.
I am first gonna revoke you tickets, I am revoking the tickets ending with serial number 1234
The tickets ending with 8320 are now the only valid tickets
Ok I have also authorize the refund. The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within 2 working days.
is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, enjoy the Goldfish show. Thanks for choosing AMCE as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Hey There Kevin. Let me help you with this problem.
Pulling up your records, I see according two the system you purchased two sets of Goldfish tickets?
However from what I am understanding this was non intented?
I am sorry for this. Must a technical issue on our side. Let me resolve this for you. I will refund you for the second transaction.
Can we issue the refund to the same credit card you used to purchase the ticket?
Great, let me quickly authorize the refund for you.
OK Kevin the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great Kevin. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further...
Sure, Kevin. Let me assist you.
Have you tried restarting the whole system?
OK, in that case let me look if we have any reported technical issues reported around your area.
It seem you are the first person to report this problem. Let me quickly log this as a technical problem.
When did the service stop working ?
I have logged the technical issue and will send out a technician as soon as possible. From my end it seems one of the exchanges around your building is down.
This typically take up to 2 hours to fix. I am sorry for this inconvenience.
Great, thank for being understanding. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK Kevin, was pleasure assisting you. Please be sure to contact us again if the issue is not resolved soon.
Have a great day
Sure Kevin, thanks for notifying us of change of address. I will be able to help you with both asks.
Could you please give me your new address?
Ok Kevin, I have updated your address. Regarding that cable installation, I see the earliest a technician can help you is next week Wednesday the 25 Feb
in the afternoon
The installation would take place between 15:00 and 17:00, is that fine?
Will there be somebody at home during that time?
Great, let me confirm that on the system.
OK done, the installation request is booked. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK Kevin, enjoy moving into your new apartment and hope it feels like home soon:)
have a good day further.
Hello?
?
hello werner?
I can help you with that. What problems are you experiencing?
hello there?
I see that we have not updated you address in a while. Could you please provide me with your address?
Great give me a moment while I update the system with your information
I have updated you address to the system
Now that I have updated let me look if your address is serviceable.
Seems we have serviced that address and we will be able to help you. However it is required that send out a technician to ensure everything is working at the exchange
Seems the earliest which a technician will be able to help you is this coming Friday?  Between 1-5 PM.
Does this time suite you ? Will there be someone present at the house?
Great so can I book the appointment then?
Great:)
Appointment is booked
There anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
Hello?
hello?
Hello werner
blha
Hello werner
Sorry I will be taking over this
blah
hello
Hello wernzio 2
Hello Wernzio, how may I help you today?
Hey there Clark. I can help you with this
Looking on the system I see there is indeed two transactions.
What I can do is refund you for the second transaction.
OK I have refunded the card ending with 9822
is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Have a great day further.
Hey Jermany, I can help you with this
could you please provide me with your new address?
OK give a moment while I enter that into the system
Ok your contact details have been updated. Let me look if we have serviced you new address before.
Ah, great news we can service that address, I will just need to schedule for a technician to come install the new cabling.
The earliest he will be able to help you is this friday afternoon between 2-5pm
Does this time suite you?
Weill someone be home that time?
OK Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Clark, I can assist you with this
Could you provide me with your new address?
Great U have added this to the database.
let me schedule a new appoint for you also
earliest I can help is friday afternoon between 2-5
does this suite you?
great. I have scheduled it. anything else I can help you with?
Thanks you too, have a great day.
Hey jeramey, Sorry to hear about this I can help you
when did this problem start?
Have you tried restarting your system?
Jeramey?
I will look at what the system status says quickly...
I see they have reported a technical problem, we have send out a technician.
The current status is that the problem should be resolved within 25mins, does this suite you?
great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further and thank you for using ACME
Hey there
What part are you struggling to understand?
Well it is a basic excersise, pick a topic, imagine you getting that pronblem and then describe it to me
Hey Jose, there is a list of problem provided at the bottom of the instructions
could you please read those and use them as the baseline?
Hey there Jose, I can help you with that
could you please provide me with your new address?
OK I will add that into the system. One moment
OK Jose, I have added that to the system. I see we have serviced that address before.
I shall order an installation, the earliest we can help you is friday between 2-5pm
does this suite you? Will someone be home during that time?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tanks you
Sure, let me try and help you.
When did this problem begin?
Thanks you for the information, let me look at the system status to determine if something has been reported.
I see a technician reported a outage around that time.
They are currently trying to resolve the problem. On the system it says it should be done within 25min.
Is that acceptable?
Yes if 25min pass, contact me again and I will look into the problem again. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
Hello
Sorry we were experiencing a technical proble
sure I can assist you with this. let me look on the system
I see on the system there were two charges, let me refund the last transaction, Give me a moment
OK I have refunded the last transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, and really thanks for the patients.
Have a great day further
I can help you with this. When did the problem begin?
OK let me look on the system quickly what could have caused it
I see there was a technical error reported. We have sent out a technician
The technician was sent out to the exchange. He is currently resolving the issue. The ETA is 25min
Thank you for you time and I apologies for the problem
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
Hey Samual, I can help you with this. Could you please give me the details of your new address?
Zip code?
Great let me quickly add that to the system
I have added you address
I have also looked up and see we can serve that addres
let me schedule an appointment for you. How does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
Great just to verify, someone will be present at that time?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day further.
I can assist you with this
Let me quickly look on the system
Great located them. I see two transaction were made. Let me refund you for the last transaction
one moment please
Great, I have refunded your credit card
the balance should be visible within two working days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Sure, let me quickly look on the system.
I will try and help you
Looking on the system it seems a technical problem was reported
We have sent out a technician to resolve the problem. The current ETA is 45min till it is fixed
I apologize for the inconvenience
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hey Samuel, I can assist you with that.
Let me quickly look on the system
I see we did double charge you. I am sorry for that
I have refunded the second transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Hey Jeff, you are currently speaking to a representative from ACME
I can help you solve your problem
Hello
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Great is that an appartment or a house?
Could you provide the apartment number also?
Great, give me one second while I input that into the system
I have updated your address, the system informs me that we have serviced that address before. So I will just need to contact a technician to install the cabling
The earliest we can help you is unfortunately only Monday.
It would be in the morning between 9-12am
does this suit you?
Great so someone will be present at that time?
Thanks you for confirming that. I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting ACME. Hope you have a great day further.
Hello Jeff, let me investigate.
Looking at the system it seem we did double charge your credit card. I apologize for that. Let me authorize a refund
One moment please
I have authorized the refund, you should see the balance on your credit card within two days
just to clarify it is the same card you used to make the purchase
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Im that case, have a good day further. Was a pleasure helping you
Hey Blake, let me try and assist you
when did this problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your system?
Let me look if there are any reported technical problems, one moment please
Ah, I see there was a technical issue reported around your area. We currently have technician at your location. If you would like I could try contacting them to get an ETA?
One moment please
Just got off the phone with the technician, He says the problem should be resolved within the next hour. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Would you like us to notify you via sms when the service is up and running again?
OK you cellphone number has been added to the list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great you too. Was a pleasure helping you
Hello Jeff, Let me try and assist you.
I assume you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me look if there are any reported technical issues
It seems there is a reported technical issue. We currently have staff attending to the problem.
I can try and call them them to get and estimate of how long they will take.
No, it seems everybody in your area is experiencing this problem
I just got off the phone, seems it will still take 2hours.
I hope it is a really good book. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and thank you for choosing ACME
He Blake, I can assist you with all of this.
Firstly could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Great, is there an apartment number of is this a house?
Let me update the system and see if we service your new apartment.
I have updated your address, additionally we do service that flat.
What I can do is schedule an appointment for you. Seems the earliest we can help you is this coming Friday. In the afternoon
between 2-5pm
Will there be somebody present at the apartment?
Great, I have locked down the time. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further
Hey Blake, let me look what the system says.
Ah, I see you are correct. I apologize for this. Let me quickly authorize the refund.
OK done, the refund has been authorized. You should see the balance visible within the next two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and enjoy the U2 concert
have a great day further
Hello Kat, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
One moment while I insert that into the system and check if we are able to service that address.
You address has been updated, it seems we have serviced that address before.
Seems the earliest which a technician can be sent out is next week Tuesday. Does this time suit you?
Great the technician will be arriving between 2-5pm, will someone be home at this time?
I have scheduled the appointment, your should receive an email soon confirming the details.
Is there anything else can assist you with?
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hello Kat, let me try and assist you.
When did this problem begin?
I am assuming you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me then look if we have any reported technical issues.
It seems we have a reported technical issue and have dispatched staff to resolve he problem.
If you would like I can contact them to see how long they expect to take
One moment while I call them.
Seems the current ETA is 45min.
I hope that does not inconvenience you too much?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case, have a great day Kat.
Hello Kevin, I can assist you with this.
Let give me one moment while I look on the system if we have any reported technical issues.
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
Let me look if our system is able to make contact with your system. One moment please
That is strange, it seems the signal does not connect passed the exchange.
I am gonna need to log this as a technical issue and send out staff to try and fix this
give me one moment while I create the issue
That is not required. The problem is on our exchange.
I have ordered our staff to go have a look what the problem is
The should be there with in the next hour. I am estimating your will be without service for 3 hours or so.
I hope this is ok?
What I can do is add your mobile number to the list of customer which will be notified when the service is working again
would you like that ?
You number has been added to the list.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day and thank you for using ACME.
Hey John, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Could you please provide me with the zip code and if it is an apartment the apartment number also?
Great one moment while I insert this into the system
OK I have entered your new address into the system. I see we have serviced that building before.
Let me try and schedule an appointment.
Seems the first available appointment is between 2-5pm
on friday
will somebody be present at this time?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment. You should receive an email with the details
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further. Was a pleasure helping you.
I apologize for this. Let me look into this for you
O I see now, we did indeed double change you. I will need to authorize the refund.
The refund will be made to the same credit card you used for purchasing the ticket
is this ok?
Great, I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hey Kevin, I can assist you.
Let me just quickly pull up your records.
OK, it seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I apologize.
I will need to authorize a refund. The refund will be made to the same credit card you used to make the purchase
is that fine?
Ok, I have authorized the refund. You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Kevin, I can help you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address?
Is this an apartment our a house?
Could you please provide the apartment number also?
Great, let me insert that into the system and check if we can service that address.
OK your address has been updated. Seems the earliest appointment I can make is for next week Wednesday.
in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
will somebody be present?
Great. I have confirmed your installation order.
You should be receiving an email with more details soon. Is there anything else I can help you with
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further
Hey John, let me try and assist you
when did this problem start?
I assume you have tried restarting the system
Could you please try doing so and inform me if that solved the problem?
That is great to hear.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Hey John, let me look into this for you.
I am assuming you referring tot the U2 concert? It seems we charged you the correct amount. However it seems on the system you made the purchase twice?
was this intentional?
OK so what I can do is authorize a refund for the second transaction.
The refund will be done to the same card you used to make the purchase.
OK one moment while I do this.
Ok, I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
Hello shannon
I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Great, on moment while I insert this into the system
I have inserted this address. However it seems we have not serviced this address before. I will need to send out an inspector before I am able to send out an installation technician
This process takes typical 2-5 days to complete
Should we be able to service you we will contact you. Could you please just verify your mobile number?
I have added your mobile number to the system, thank you
I do apologize, we will contact you as soon as we are sure we can service that address. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK, in that case. Have a great day further.
Hey Jeramey, I can assist you
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Could you please also provide me with your zip code and apartment number if required?
Ah great let me insert this into our system.
I have done do. Looking currently what is the earliest I can make an appointment for
Seems the earliest we can assist you is friday
afternoon between 2-5pm
does this suite you?
Great.
I have scheduled the appointment.
ah great. Have a great day further.
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Ah, great. One moment while I insert this into the system.
OK you address has been inserted. It seem we have not serviced this address before.
I will need to send out an inspector to verify that we can service this address before I am able to send out someone to make an installation
the inspection process takes typically 2-5 days. I have looked and seems have serviced  houses around that address
could you please just verify you address again?
You said it was: 329 sw road street, Gainesville, florida, 33245
is that correct?
Ok, this address is definitely not on the system. Could you please provide me with your mobile number so that I can contact you when we have completed the inspection?
OK I have added your mobile number.
Once the inspection is complete we will contact you.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you.
Hey Jeramey. let me look what I can do.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?\
OK, looking at your address and on the system it seems we have no technical issues reported.  I am gonna need to create a new support ticket
When did this problem begin?
O wait, I see now.. We do have a technical issue reported this morning,
We have a technician on site actually.  Let me contact him to see how long he will take
Ok the technician says the problem should be solved within 15min
Sorry for not seeing this earlier.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up you information and see if I can assist you.
Looking at the system, it seem you are correct. We double charged you
I will need to authorize a refund.
A refund will be made to your credit card which you used to purchase the tickets.
One moment while I authorize it
OK i have done this. You should see the balance on your account within two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case have a great day further.
O dear, I am sorry to hear.
Let me see what I can do
When did this problem begin?
OK let me look for technical issued reported around that time. One moment please
There seems to be no technical issues reported
have you tried restarting your system?
Funny, let me perform a network test from my side. Once moment while it runs
It seem the error is between your apartment and the exchange.
I will need to create a new support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Will you be around the apartment after today?
Great. I have created a ticket. A technician should contact you within the next hour to confirm a time.
I apologize for this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great
Hey Jeramey, let me look what  I can do...
give me a moment while I pull up your iniormation
Could you please specify which concert ticket these are? It seem you have 3 up coming concerts
Ah, thank got it. I see we did charge you twice. I will need to authorize a refund for the second transaction
once moment while I do this
I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time
have a good day further
Hey Shannon, when did this problem begin?
Ok, let me look if we have any technical issues reported.
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Let me test your connection quickly.
It seem the problem is between your apartment and the exchange.
I am gonna need to send out a technician to see what the problem could be
Will you be around later today?
Great. I will schedule a technician to come out and look if he can resolve the problem.
It will be most likely between 4-5pm this afternoon
is this fine?
Awesome, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this problem.
one moment while I pull up your information
It seems you have a few up coming concert, which ticket are you referring to?
Thank you, let me have a look
ah... I see you have been double charged
I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
OK Jose, the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey RJ, I can assist you with this.
Could you please firstly provide me with your new address?
could you also provide me with the apartment number?
Great let me insert that into the account?
OK I have updated the account information. I have also looked and we do service that address
Seems the earliest I can schedule a new installation is next week monday
it will be in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
Great. I assume then someone will be present at the apartment?
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further RJ
Sure thing RJ, let me try and assist you.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
OK, in that case let me look on the system if we have any technical issues reported
Ok I see, there is an outage of service reported around your address
We currently have staff attending to the problem. Would you like me to contact them to see how long they will still be?
I just got off the phone.
They say the ETA is 25min.
is that acceptable?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey RJ, Let me try and assist you with this.
which concert is this for?
OK great, one moment while I look what is going on
It seems we did make a double charge, I am sorry.
I will need to authorize a refund on the second transaction
Ok the refund has been authorized, the balance should be visible within 2 working days.
is there anything else I can assist you with/
IN that case, have a great day further.
Hey Tori, I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Could you please provide me with the zip code and apartment number also?
Great Let me input that into the system
I have updated your address
I see we can service you new address also. Let me schedule an installtion
The earliest we can help you is this coming Friday, afternoon between 2-5pm
does this time suit you?
I assume this means you will be present during this time?
Great, the appointment is scheduled. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hey Tori, let me investigate this quickly. For which show are these tickets?
OK, one moment while I look
I see you are correct, we did double charge you. I will refund your second transaction
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 working days
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
In that case have a great day.
Sure thing Tori.
Have you tried to restart the system?
Let me quickly see if we have any reported outages in your region
It seems there are reported outages in your vicinity. Let me try and contact the staff attending to the problem, to see how much long they estimate it will take
Just got off the phone, seems it will take 25min still
is that acceptable ?
is there anything else I can help you with?
OK thanks. Have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I can assist you with that. Could you please provide me with your new residence address?
City and zip code?
let me update the system and see if we can service this address
OK I have updated your information and We do service you new address
The earliest we are able to send out an technician to make the installation is next week Tuesday.
It is in the afternoon, between 2-5 PM
Will somebody be home during this time?
Great I have confirmed the installation. You should be receiving an email with the details shortly
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case hope you have a great day further
O dear, I am sorry to hear that Jack. Let me see what I can do to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Yes, better will be to unplug the system from the wall and just reinsert it
That is good news.
Sometimes the system goes out of sync.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
O dear, let me look into this. Was the tickers purchased under your name?
Great let me quickly investigate
Seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
I have authorize the refund. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Jame I am sorry
I can help you with this
Please provide me with your new address
Could you please provide your zip code and apartment number also?
I have entered this into the system. It seems we are also able to service this address.
I will go ahead and schedule a new installation.
the earliest that the technician can come out is next week Thursday.
It will be in the morning between 9-12a,
am*
will somebody be present?
Great. I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, enjoy your day.
Hey James, I will try and assist your with this problem
When did this issue begin?
OK let me quickly look on the system if there are any reported technical issues.
Ok it seems there is a technical issue reported. We have staff current resolving the problem.
According to the system it should be fixed within 35min
If it is not working within 35-50min feel free to contact me again
Can I assist you with anything else?
In that case, thank you for your day. Have a good day further.
Hey James, Let me investigate. For which show is this ?
OK, let me quickly just verify, Ah got it. It seem you are correct, there are two transaction with the same value.
Let me refund you for the second transaction.
One moment please
OK James, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible in your account within the next two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
James?
Great, in That case have a great day further.
Hey
I believe we are done?
Are you not seeing message once you send them?
You are welcome to sumit your HIT
Hello james?
Hey Jose, let me help you.
I see you order the oak deluxe dining table?
However you are saying this is not the table you received?
That is definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please look on the delivery box if this was not maybe a mistake made by fedex?
I am more than happy to replace the table for you. I am just trying to establish if someone else did not receive your table.
Thank you for confirming that. I do apologies. What I will do is schedule for a pickup of that table and send the new table right away. What time suits you for the pickup?
Ok so can I schedule for pick up to occur at 6:30, tomorrow?
Great let me do schedule this quickly... one moment.
Ok jose, Fedex will come collect the table tomorrow at 6:30.
I have also just issued the order to send your new oak dinning table.
I do apologize. You new table will be arriving Friday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you Jose, for contacting us. It was pleasure helping you
have a good night further
Hello Tiffanie. It would be my pleasure to help you.
Let me quickly look, it seems you ordered the oak dining table? Is that correct?
Could you either describe the table which arrived or read me the barcode?
O dear, could please verify that the address on the box is meant for you? I would just like to ensure it was not a mistake made by fedex
Thank you Tiffanie. I am sorry for the inconvenience. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that desk and send the one you wanted right over
what time suite you for the pickup order?
I will schedule the pickup order Friday at 2 pm?
Then at the same time we will deliver your new table.
Does this suite you?
Great, everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am willing to help you solve this problem.
Looking on the system I see you ordered the oak dinning table?
However you say this is not the table you received?
I am sorry to hear this. Seems the system must be wrong.
So you wanted the cafe table? give me one second while I check stocks
ah, great we have stock available. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that table and send you the proper table.
I do apologize for this mistake.
What time can I schedule for the pickup?
OK I will schedule the pickup to occur Friday at 3:30PM? We will deliver your new desk at the same time.
I do appologise
OK everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. have a great night further.
Sorry Jose, let me look into this for you.
Ah, it seem your last month payment was declined.
If you would like I can try and redo the payment order?
We do have the info on record one moment while I try to process it again
Ah, I see the payment went through. I am truly sorry for this. Did you not receive an email or sms regarding this matter?
OK I have activated notification so that next time you will get a warning
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further.
Hey Jack. Let me assist you.
Looking at your information. It seem the last payment was declined by the bank
What I can do is try to make the payment again?
One moment while the payment gets proccessed
OK great the payment went through, I have requested that you account be activated. This typically takes 15min
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
have a good day further
Hey Tiffanie. Let me have a look what I can do.
Wow, Tiffanie you were not joking when you said you were a loyal customer. You have been with use for a very long time
I am truly sorry about this.
It seem you physical address was also changed?
It seems so. Normally we have a no refund policy. But seeing how loyal you are I will have to speak to my supervisor quickly
OK my supervisor says, he is willing to make the refund.
However we gonna need to force a password reset.
One moment while I authorized the forced reset.
OK you should have received the reset email. Please be sure to reset your password.
Additionally ensure the password is sufficiently difficult to brute force
OK I have authorized the refund now, the balance should be visible within two working days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem. Was a pleasure helping you
have a great night further.
Hey Jose, let me look what I can do.
Typically we have a no refund policy, but lets have a look
Wow you are a really loyal customer. I see you have been with us for years
Let me quickly speak to my supervisor and see what I can do
Seem the supervisor is happy that we make the refund as a once off courtesy
But before we do that We gonna need to force a password reset
Will you be able to make the rest now ?
Great. You should have an email with the instructions. Ensure that the password you select this time is hard to crack
OK I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
You too. Have a good night further.
Hello Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me quickly pull up your records...
Firstly thanks for you loyal support over the past years.
Typically we have a zero refund policy, but I believe we can make an exception for you
one moment while I contact my supervisor to confirm
OK the supervisor agrees that we are willing to make the refund as a once off courtesy
One moment while I do authorize the refund.
Ok all transaction over the past two weeks have been refunded to your account.
Great, however as is company protocol, I need to force another reset
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Ok I have made the force reset. You should receive an email with instructions
Is there anything else I can assist you with.
thank you or supporting ACME food ordering. Your number one food ordering service
have a good night further.
Sure Tiffanie, let me quickly pull up your records and have a look
I see on the record the last payment was declined by the bank?
were you aware of this?
What I can try and do is rebill you?
Would you like to do this?
If the payment goes through you account should be up and running within 15min.
Shall I try it?
Ok one moment
Great news the payment went through.
You account will be active within 15min. Could I take the time to suggest we activate payment notifications ?
Encase this happens again you will be notified before we stop the service
Great, I will do so now.
OK Tiffanie. I believer everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great. Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further.
Hey Sam, Let me help you with this.
Puling up your information, I see you ordered the oak dinning table? Is this correct?
Could you please describe the table you received, additionally could you please ensure the table was send to the correct address?
OK I do apologize for this. What  I can do is schedule for a pickup of the deck and send out the new desk ASAP.
For the pickup order what time will suite you?
Ok let me schedule the pickup order for Friday at 4 pm. At this time we should be able to deliver your correct desk also.
Does this suite you?
OK, everything seems in order. They will pick up and deliver your desk on Friday.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good night further.
Hey Jeff, Let me have a look what I can do.
How did you lose $100 and when did this hacking occur?
I am terribly sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do.
I have your records in front of me.
Wow, you are a loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe we can make an exception for you.
Let me quickly check with my supervisor
OK my supervisory is happy to make this a once off exception
We are willing to make the $100 refund to your credit card.
However we will need to force a password reset, additionally you will be required to ensure you address is updated
Great, give me one moment while I do this.
OK I have done the reset. You should receive an email with instructions.
I have also authorized your refund, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
When you select you password, ensure you make the password difficult to crack. Additionally I would recommend putting a  pin on the app
Would you like me to help you with doing this? Or will you be able to do it self?
Great. Have a great day further and once again thank you for being such a loyal customer
Hey Sam, let me look into this for you.
ah... it seems on the information in front of me that the previous payment was declined by the bank. Where you not notified of this?
I am so sorry. What I can do to resolve this problem quickly os try and make a re-bill
Do you have sufficent money in that account currently?
Great, let me authorize the re-bill
OK, I believe everything is in order? Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hey Gi. Just to clarify, what do you mean by the wrong one arrived?
O dear, could you please describe the table to me? I see on the stytem you should have received a cherry dinning table?
OK that id definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please verify that the delivery details on the table is yours?
I would just want to make sure Fedex did not make a mistake
OK that means it must be out mistake.
What I will need to do is issue a pickup order and then get the correct table delievered
When can I schedule a pick up order for?
Seeing that it is 8:35pm currently could we maybe schedule it for tomorrow?
OK great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Your new table will also be delivered between 2-5 on friday.
Great.I believe everything is in order
is there antying else I can assist you with?
s there antying else I can assist you with?
in that case have a great day further
Hey Sam, generally we have a no refund policy. But let me look into this for you
Give me one moment
OK it seem you are a very very loyal customer. I believe we can make an exception for you. I will just need to check with my supervisor
Great, he agrees we can schedule the refund. I will just need to force a password reset. This is company policies
OK you should receive an email with the details.
I have also authorized the refund. The balance should be available within the next two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great night further.
Hey Jeramey, let me try and assist you.
I see on the record you ordered a oak dinning table? Is this no the table your received?
O dear, I am sorry. Could you please verify that the address is indeed yours on the box?
I am happy to replace the table, I would just want to ensure it is not a fedex mistake
OK I will need to schedule a pickup order and have the correct table delivered to you.
what time suites you?
Seems we will only be able to do this 9am on Friday. Is this acceptable?
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
They will also deliver your new table Friday Afternoon.
Is this fine?
Great, I believe everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Same goes for you.
Hey Jeff, I am sorry to hear that. Let me try and assist you.
Let me pull up the records and have a look. Give me a moment please
OK it seems the last payment was declined by the bank. You mentioned you had no notice?
That is not ideal.
What I can do is try and make a rebill to your account, do you have sufficient funds available, currently ?
Great. one moment while I authorize the payment.
OK I have authorized the payment
your service should return within 15min
is there anthing else I can assist you with?
Great. Have a good day further Jeff
was a pleasure helping you.
Hello blake
I can assist you with this problem
I see on the system you ordered a oak dining table. IS this not the table you received?
OK, that is definitely not the correct table. Could you please verify that the delivery address is correct?
OK, it seems the mistake was on out end. No problem. Let me schedule a  pickup order
and I will also send your new table out to you ASAP.
What day will suite you for the pickup order?
OK Thursday afternoon?
OK one moment while I order the pickup
OK, I have scheduled the pickup order you delivery should be at the same time.
I believe everything is in order
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a good night further.
I am sorry to hear this. Let me look into this for you
It seem the last payment was declined by your bank?
What I can do is make a re-bill? Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
OK one moment while I do this.
OK I have scheduled the re-bill and it seems to have gone through.
Your account should be active within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day further
Hey GI. Let me look what I can do to help you
Pulling up your records
OK it seems the previous payment was declined by your bank.
With message insufficient funds.
What I can do is try and order a re-bill?
OK the payment went through this time.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Jeff, sorry for this mistake. Let me try and help you
OK, what I can do is schedule a pickup order and have your correct table delievered to you
what dateand time will work for the pickup order?
Jeff?
Hey Jeff
Great, I will order the pickup For Friday afternoon between 2-5PM. We will also be able to deliver your new table at that time
Do not worry about distractions
Great, I believe we are sorted then. Have a good day further.
Hey Jeramey, Generally we have a no refund policy. But let me investigate this a bit further
Pulling up your records, I see you have been a customer for a while now
I think we might make an exception in this case. One moment while I speak with my supervisor
Ok my supervisor agrees that out of courtesy we will issue you a refund.
I will need to force a password reset tho
OK I have forced the password reset. You should receive an email with the details.
One moment while I authorize the refund.
OK the refund has been made. The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case have a great day further. Was pleasure helping you
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear this. Let me try and help you
Pulling up your records.
I see the previous payment order was declined by the bank.
Were you not aware of this?
Before I try that, would you like me to try and make a re-bill?
Do you have sufficient  fund in that account?
OK I am gonna attempt to make a re-bill
Great it went through. You service should be active within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
O dear, have you tried turing your phone off and on again?
I am assuming the reception did not come back?
OK let me investigate.
It seems your last payment, was declined by your bank. Are you aware of this?
I believe the easiest going forward will be to re-bill your account.  Do you have sufficient funds in that account currently?
OK I will issue the refund.
I mean I will do the rebill one moment
OK the re-bill is successful
You account should be active within the next 10 minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for you time.
have good night further.
Hey Blake, let me investigate what is going on
I see you are correct you have been a loyal customer. WE appreciate your support.
Normally we have a no refund policy but, I think this can be an exception. Let me contact my supervisor and I will get back to you sortly
Great news, the supervisor says we can authorize  the refund.
I will just need to force a password reset
You should be receiving an email shorting with details. Be ensure the password you select is sufficiently difficult to crack.
OK One moment while I authorize the refund
OK the refund has been made to your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IIN that case have a great day further.
Hello Mary, let me look into this for you.
It seems you did pay the charge but the bank declined the transaction at a later process.
at a later time*
I am not sure. What I recommend we do is try and re-bill the account once more.
If the payment goes through this time you account should be active. If it get declined again you will need to figure out from your bank what are the causes.
If you would like I can do the re-bill for you?
And ensure that your service is switched on promptly?
OK one moment.
Great it seems to have gone through.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Mary, Let me assist you with this.
It seems on the system you should have received an oak dinning table? However this is not the table you received?
Could you please verify the delivery details on the box?
I would like to give you the correct table. I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box.
OK I believe we packaged the wrong table. What I will do is order a pickup order and at the same time deliver your table
Could we schedule the pickup and delivery for Friday?
So Friday afternoon?
2:00pm is fine by us. I will schedule this to happen.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK I will personally ensure you get the correct table this time. Thank you for you time and sorry again for any inconvenience.
Have a great night further.
Hey Mary, Let me have a look what I can do for you.
From looking on the system, I see you are a very loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe in this case we can make an exception
Let me just verify with my supervisor
OK, my supervisor agrees with me that we should give you a complete refund
I am truly sorry about this.
Give me one moment while I authorize the refund. I will also need to force a password reset.
You should be receiving an email with instructions on ho proceed with the password reset.
OK I have scheduled the refund. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case have a great day further.
Thank you for you time
Hello Mia, I can assist you with that.
It seems on the record you ordered a oak table? Is this not that table you received?
Interesting, could you please describe the table which you receive. Additionally could you please verify that the delivery address of that table is yours?
I understand. We will definitely replace the table with the correct one.
I am current just trying to establish if it was a delivery mistake or a packing mistake.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
On the system it is 5 Canal Street, New York, NY 10013
apartment 4k
Thank you for verifying this. What I will do is schedule a pick up order and have the correct table sent to you
What time will suit you for the pick up ?
OK one moment while I input this into the system.
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I can assist you with this
I see according to the records you ordered a Oak dinning table? This is not what you received?
I am sorry to hear this. We will be sure to have this corrected as soon as possible.
Could you please just verify that the delivery address of the table matches that of yours?
Ok, thank for verifying that.
What I will do is schedule a pickup order and then have the factory send out your table ASAP.
For the pick up order, what time suits you?
Will later this afternoon work for you?
OK one moment while I input this into the system
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case it was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Hello Mia, let me investigate for you.
Looking on the system it seems the last payment order was declined by your bank
I can try to make a re-bill.
Give me one moment while I try
Great news, it went through.
I have created a ticket to reactivate your service. This typically take 10min. So you should be up and running within the next 15min
Ok the ticket is created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hello Jack, let me investigate this for you.
It seems the last payment order was declined by your bank.
ah, I see it went through, one moment while I reactive your service.
You service should be working within the next 15min. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case have a great day further.
Hello Jack, I will help you resolve this.
Thank you for the details. That is indeed the wrong table.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
Ok in that case, it must have been a packing mistake. I do apologize. Let me replace the table for you.
OK
So what I have done is verified that we have stock and placed a new order for you
I would also like to schedule that the table which was delivered to you be picked up.
What time will suite you for the pick up order?
Ok, let me schedule it fro 3:30pm this afternoon, one moment
Great, your new table will be delivered Monday afternoon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
IN that case have a great day further.
Hey Mia, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your information.
OK having a look, these transaction do not seem right.
We will definitely refund you for these transactions
One moment please while I authorize the refund
OK Mia, I have authorized the refund.
I will however need to force a password reset
This is company policy...
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Can I help you with anything else?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, Let me investigate this quickly.
Having a look on the system it seems you are correct these don't seem right. We will refund you for them,
We will doing the refund directly to your Credit Card. One moment while I authorize this
OK Jack, I have authorized the refund.
I will however need to force a password reset, this is company policy
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Can I help you with anything else?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me assist you with this.
Just to verify, does you data work? Or is it a total service failure?
Ok, let me investigate...
It seem your previous payment order was declined by the bank?
Are you aware of this?
Sure we can. What I will do is make a re-bill.
Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
Ok, let me make the re-bill.
Good news, the payment was successful.
OK I will reactive your account now.
OK done, typically this could take 5-10 minutes
Great news. Can I assist you with anything else?
Hey Jack, let me see what I can do to help you.
From you records I see you are a very loyal customer. Normally we have a zero refund policy. But I believer we can make an exception for you,
Let me just verify this with my supervisor.
Hey Jack, I have spoken to my supervisor. What we will do is refund all transaction which took place after the delivery address was changed.
That equates to $103.56
OK, give me one moment while re refund this money to your credit card
OK, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days on your account.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.  (for the HIT, do not worry about the email part, just provide use with your cellphone number)
That is fine
have a good day further
hey this works
hey
Good Morning John, I'm happy to help you.
Please provide me with your new complete address
Great. I've updated the system.
I am looking to see if your new address is serviceable.
March 7th is the earliest possible date for installation. Does that work for you?
The representative will be there between 8a and noon. Will someone be home at that time?
Great, then you're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Good morning Jack. I'm happy to help you.
Please tell me your complete address
Is there an apartment or suite number?
I have updated the system.
Please hold a moment while I look to see if the address is serviceable.
Yes, your address is serviceable. The earliest appointment is March 7th - does that work for you?
Okay, we can have someone there Thursday between 6p and 9p
Hi John, I can help.
When did the problem begin?
Okay, thanks. Have you tried restarting the system?
I'm looking now to see if there are any reported problems in your area.
The system is down at the moment but should be back up by noon.
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Good morning - I can help with that
Please provide me with your full address
Please provide me with the City, State and apartment number if applicable
Thank you - the zip code is also necessary.
Fantastic. Please give me a moment to see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, it is - we can have a service person out on March 7th does that work
Will someone be home between the hours of 9a and noon?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the delay. Have a great day
Good morning Bill, I can help you with that. Please provide me with your full address.
Is there an apt. #?
Okay, please let me see if that area is serviceable
Yes, it's serviceable. Will someone be home on March 7th between 9a and noon?
Great. Your time is confirmed, is there anything else I can help you with ?
If there's nothing else, then I will end the chat. Thank you
thanks again for using this system
Good morning Jack - I can help you
Have you tried restarting the system?
Let me see if there are any problems in your area
There is some scheduled maintenance in your area right now. It will be back up by noon today
You'll have your signal today by noon and all channels should work
Anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a good day
Good morning Somesh, Please provide me your full address
Let me see if your area is serviceable. Please stand by
It is serviceable. Is march 7th a good day?
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day
Good morning, I can help you with that, please provide me with your full address
is there an apartment number
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, we can have someone out there on March 7th, does that work?
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Okay John, I'm happy to help.
Please provide your name and which performance
I can see the double charge, please stand by.
I have found the error and I have fixed the double charge. You should see the credit in two dayh
days
Have a great day
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
Sorry for the delay. Please provide me with your full address
Is there an apartment number?
Okay, let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes, it is. Our first available appointment is March 7th, does that work?
Great, you're confirmed for March 7th between 9a and noon
Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
Okay, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Great, then you should be good to go.
Is there anything else I can help you with"
Have a great day.
Hey GI, sorry for the delay. I will be able to assist you
When did the problem begin?
Let me look on the system if I there are any reported issues
It seem there is a reported error
We have sent out a technician staff to resolve the problem
Give me one moment while I contact the technician to find out
OK seem they will be finished with the task, within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
Have a great day further.
Let me look into that for you, one moment please
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. I see on the system you are correct you were issued 4 seats.
What I will need to do is cancel the second perchase and issue a refund
Of course, give me moment while I process this
OK so your tickets ending with 5782 and 1239 are no longer available, however the ones ending with  9213 and 3573 are still working
I have also issued the refund on your card
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Greg, Let me assist you with that. Can you provide me with yoru full address details?
Great, let me put that into the sytem
ok I have inputted that into the system
I have also checked and saw your address is serviceable
Seem the eariest we can do the installation is on the 6 March, would this work for you?
Will someone be home between 9-12am?
Ok, I have confirmed the appointment, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Good morning, I
I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
Please try it and let me know - I will also check to see if there's anything going on with the system
Oh, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Great, then you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, Have a great day.
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
Have you tried restarting the system?
Yes, wait a few seconds and plug it back in.
Great, are the channels coming in clearly?
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help.
Sure. Have a great day.
Please provide me with your name and date of the performance
Great. Let me look in the system. Stand by'
I see the error. I will remove the double charge and you should see a credit in about two days.
Have a great day.
Okay, please provide me with your name and which performance
What name are the tickets under?
Okay. thanks - Let me look for that
I see the error. I will fix it and you should see the credit in two days.,
Yes, have a great day
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this. Could you give me one mooment while I pull up your information?
OK looking at the information infront of me, I see you are correct we have double charged you. I appologize.
I will be able to process the refund now.
One moment while I do so.
It is our pleasure. I have completed the refund. The balance should be available within two working days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Greg, let me try and assit you.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting the system?
Could you please try restarting your system?
No problem, just let me know.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Good  morning Jeramey. I'm happy to assist you. Please tell me the name that the tickets are under and for what performance
Please provide me with the full name of the person the ticket were sold to
Okay please give me a minute to pull it up in the system>
Okay. I see the error and will reverse it. You should see the correction as a credit in about two days,.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day
Good morning Rituraj. I'm happy to help.
Okay, thanks for being so detailed. Sometimes the solution is easy... have you tried restarting the system?
Try disconnecting all and let me know. In the meantime I'll see if there's anything going on in your area.
Actually the main cable system is down at the moment. You should full access to all your systems by noon today
Are you still there?
I am going to end this chat. If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again. Have a good day.
Please provide me with the name that the tickets are under
Okay, please let me pull it up in my system>
I see your order and I can see the double charge. I will reverse it and you should see the credit in about two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Sure, I'm happy to help you. Which performance and please tell me the full name of the person who purchased the tickets
Great. Thank you. Let me pull your information up in my system.
I see the error. I will reverse the charge and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Have a great day>
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you received an incorrect order. Please provide me with the order number and address.
Okay, thank you. Please let me take a moment and check the system.
Okay, I see that you ordered the Oak dining table. What did you receive?
I see what happened. I can schedule the delivery of your table for tomorrow.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with you full address.
What is your apartment number?
Okay great. Please wait a moment while I see if your area is serviceable.
Your area is serviceable. The next appointment available is on March 7th, does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for using our system. Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please provide me with the address and order number.
Okay, let me check the system.
Okay, would you please check the delivery address on the package and confirm that it's 2121 Dyson.
I will have to find your table and put in a change order. Please standby for a moment.
Okay, y ou
you're scheduled for Friday between 4p and 6p.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry that you received the wrong table. Please provide with the order number and address
Okay let me check on that.
Please describe the table you recieved.
Sorry for the delay. I've found the error. I can have your table sent to you tomorrow by 4p. Does  that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with "
?
Okay, have a great day.
Hey Greg, let me try and assist you.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
Ok one moment while I lock this down
OK done, I believe everythinng is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Jim, Let me assist you with this matter.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
We will be personally be doing the pick up and delivery.
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
Good morning Kim, I'm so sorry for this error. Please provide me with the order number and last name.
Please standby, I'm checking
Please describe the table you received.
I see that ordered the Oak table. Please confirm the address on the box
Okay, Let me take a minute to find out where your table is.
I've found your table. I can have it delivered tomorrow between 4p and 6p. Does that work
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry, I've confirmed the tech will be there March 7th is there anything else?
Please tell me the name of the concert and the name of the purchaser
Okay, please give me a moment to find your order
I can see the error. I will have it reversed and you should see a credit in two days.
I'm happy to have helped. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Yes, I can help. Please confirm your cellphone number
Thank you. Let me pull up your account
Okay, I see your account - I'm sorry but it seems that your last payment was declined.
Sure. Can I rebill your account on file?
Okay, just a moment.
Okay, your payment when through successfully. your service should be active in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using this system. Have a great day.
Hey Jack, let me quickly investigate this for you
one moment please
OK I have your records open in front of me. It seem the last payment order was declined by the bank?
I assume the bank did not notify you. What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill.
Sure, I will just need to do the re-bill, if the transaction is successful you should be opperational within 10 minutes again
Ok one moment while I authorise the payment.
Ok, it was succesfful. Your service should resume within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assit you with?
No problem. Is there anthing else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hello Barack. I'm so sorry you're having an issue. Please confirm your cell number.
Sorry for the delay. I've pulled up your account and unfortunately your last payment was declined.
Okay, stand by, it will take a minute for my system to show the payment.
I see the payment. you're phone should be active in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Have a great day.
Hey Greg, let me help you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill?
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
OK I have done the re-bill and it was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
is there anything else I can still assist you with?
Yes we are still connected
Great, hope with your cellphone connection coming back online you will not have the problem again:) Have a great day further
Good morning, I'm happy to assist you. Did you try restarting your system?
Please try and let me know if that helps
Is the picture clear?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you and have a great day.
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you're having an issue. Please tell me your cell number so I can pull up your accoung
account
Okay, I pulled up your account. Unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined.
It was declined by the bank. I can try to rebill to your account on file. Is that okay?
Great, I will rebill it through out system. Standby.
Okay, you're account is now up to date, your phone will be active in about 10 minutes.
is there anything else I can help you with ?
Okay, thank you. Have a great day.
Hey Kim, let me quickly investigate for you. One moment please
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
Sure, one moment please.
Ok it seem the re-bill was successful. Your service should resume within the next 10 min
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me quickly investigate what it going on
Wow, you are a really loyal customer
I am sorry that this happend
normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
Ok I have checked with my supervisor, we will go ahead and refund you for the transactions.
So all transaction post 20th Feb will be refunded.
That totals to $105,43
is that correct?
Great, give me one moment while I process the refund.
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Great:) Was a pleasure helping you and thanks again for your business:)
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Alex. I can help you with this. I'm so sorry to hear that you're account was hacked. Please let me know your name and account number.
Okay, please give me a moment to pull up the account.
Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that . Please let me know the name on the account as well as the account number
Let me pull up the account.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy but give me a minute to talk to my supervisor to see what can be done.
I understand and again I'm terribly sorry for this problem. My supervisor just got back to me and he's confirmed that we will be able to give you a full refund
Great. I'm so happy that we can resolve this issue. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that you had this happen. Please provide me with the customer name and account number.
Okay, I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy.
Let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something.
Okay, again, thank you for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $100.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Jim. I am so sorry to hear that this has happened to you. Please tell me the name on the account as well as the account number. I will look right into it.
Let me look at  your account. Please stand by for a moment. I will get right back to you.
Okay, I see that you were charged $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
No, they can't. But let me talk to my supervisor and see if anything can be done on our end.
Please standby for a moment.
Thanks for waiting. My supervisor has approved a full $100 credit. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Thank you for being such a loyal customer. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Hi Barack, I'm happy to assist you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number
Thank you Mr. President. Let me check your account.
I see the charge for $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
That
That's not the policy but let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
You are a very loyal customer and we thank you for that. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $!00.
$100
My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, thank you again. Have a great day.
Hi Kevin. Yes, I'm happy to help. I'm sorry that you receive the wrong table. Please confirm the name, delivery address and order number so I can pull up your account.
Thank you Kevin. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
While I'm doing this, please describe the table you received.
Great thanks for the details. I see that your table went to "Prudence Court." I'm very sorry for the error.
I can have the table delivered to you tomorrow if that works for you.
The delivery crew will pick up the table when they deliver yours. Please confirm someone will be home tomorrow between 4p and 6p
Great, again I apologize for the error in the delivery. Thank you for your patience while we correct this error.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day and enjoy your new table.
Hey
test
test
test
hey
Hello Kevin. Yes, I'd be happy to help you with this problem. Please tell my your cell phone number
Thank you. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Kevin, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure. Take your time.
Okay, perhaps there was an error on our end. Is it okay if I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Great. I will let you know once it goes through. It may take a moment
Your payment went through. You should have service within the next 10 minutes.
I'm happy to help. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Chrisine. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please tell my your full name and the order number.
It should have been send to you online with your receipt but if you give me your last name and address, I can look it up that way.
the problem is not resovled. Are you sure you would like me to end the conversation?
Sure
Hello Kevin. I'm so sorry to hear that this is happened to you. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with the account number.
Thank you. Please give me a moment to pull up your account.
Yes. I see the $100 charge. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy.
Kevin, I see that you've been a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
Okay, My supervisor has authorized a full $100 refund. Please check for an email to establish a new account.
Fantastic. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Marge, I can help you. Please tell me your full address
Is there an apartment number?
Okay, let me see if you're in a serviceable area.
Yes, I see that we cover your area. The next appointment we have available is March 7th .  Does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that there will be someone home between 9a and 4p
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today"
?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi Christina, thanks for your order number I will check on it. Please describe the table you received.
Please confirm your delivery address.
Thank you.
Okay, I've found the problem. I will have your table delivered tomorrow. Does that work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be home between 4p and 6p
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
no problem
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Sometimes there is a problem with the system becoming out of sync.
Did that help?
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure thing, let me look what I can do to assist you.
One moment while I pull up your records.
I have pulled up your records, it seems the last payment order was declined by the bank.
Let me try and make a re-bill
Ok, I have made a re-bill!
It was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Ok I have pulled up your records and see that you have been double charged. I do appologize for that
Give me one moment while I process the refund.
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Christina, I can assist you with this. Give me one moment while I pull up your records
Ok, Looking at your account I see you are a really loyal customer
Generally we do not do refunds, but I believe we can make an exception for you
one moment while I confirm this with my supervisor
Hey?
Are you not recieving the messages?
Close the app completely and reload it
Close the app completely and reload it
Great, feel free to sumbit the HIt so long...
Let do the last converstaions? I believe you have one more?
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Looking at your order I see you ordered a oak table? Is this not the table you recieved?
I do appologize. Let me correct taht for you
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
Ok great, can I schedule it for 14:00?
OK I have done so.
I believe evething is sorted. Is there anything else I can asisst you with?
Sorry, will do. Have a great day
Hey Somesh, let me assit you with this.
I see you ordeed the oak dinning table, is this not the table you got?
I am sorry to hear this. Let me resolve this issue.
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
Great, let me put that into the sytem
Ok, I do appologize for this. You new table will arive this Thursday.
The pickup order is secheduled for 11am
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you.
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Christina, Let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Wow, I see you are a loyal customer, I do appologize for this.
Give me one moment while I issue the refund for you.
Ok, I see you address was changed on the 24 Feb, I refunded all amounts after this date and time. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
No problem
Hello I can assist you with this
one moment while I pull up your records
OK I see you last paymnet order was declined by your bank...
Sure I can authorizes a re-bill?
Let me do this quickly for you?
great, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be ressumed within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
hey Somesh, let me investigate this for you. One moment while I pull up information.
Looking at your information, I see your last paymnet order was declined by the bank.
Surem what  I can do is make a re-bill for the outstanding ammount.
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
OK, great news the transaction was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 10 min
Thanks, you too. Have a great day further.
Sorry I do appologize, I meant to ask if there is anything else I can assit you with
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Let me pull up your records...
Looking at your records, I see you are a really loyal customer :)
I do appologize for this.
Understandable.
Normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
Let me just check with my supervisor if he will be happy if I do the refund.
great my supervior agrees. I will be processing the refund now
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visiable within the next two working days
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hello Somesh. I am very sorry that this happened to you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number.
Okay, please give me a minute while I pull up your account.
Yes, I see the order for $100. I also see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you. Unfortunately, the company has a no return policy.
Let me speak to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do?
Thank you again for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized me to credit your account for the full $100. You should see that refund in about two days.
No problem. I also suggest that you create a new account and password. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great. Have a good day.
Hi George. I'm happy to help you. Please tell me your username
Thank  you. To verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email account associated with this account.
Thanks, let me check you account
I have issued a password reset. You will receive that shortly via email along with the instructions to reset.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Mary. I'm sorry you encountered that problem. Which username do you use?
Okay. Thanks to verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thanks. Let me research. Stand by
I have reset your password. You'll receive a temp password and instructions to reset a new password via email
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay thanks Have a great day
Hi Tom, I'm sorry to hear that. What user name did you use?
Okay. Thanks. To verify who I am speaking to, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Let me check your account. Please stand by.
I've reset with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to set up a new one via email shortlyh
Is there anything else I can help you with today?:
Great. Have a wonderful day.
Hello Somesh. Please let me know your user name
Thank you. I will review your account. Please stand by
I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive instruction about how to reset a new password via email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Hi Christina. I'm sorry you're having that problem. What's your username.
Okay Thanks. To verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, email address and date of birth
Thank you. Let me do some research. Please stand by
I have reset your account. You will receive instructions to reset via email
Have a great day
Hi Jeramey. I'm sorry to hear you're having problems. What is our username?
thanks. To verify your identity, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Great. I will check on this, please stand byh
Okay, I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Tom. I'm happy to help.
Please confirm that you didn't receive a note from the delivery agent.
Okay, thanks. Please verify the address the package should have been sent to.
Thank you. Please give me a minute to research this.
I'm sorry but the package was left at the door. I've opened a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You'll receive an email
Yes, I understand. The investigation should take about 24 hours. Please contact us if you haven't heard back from us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, have a great day.
Hi Jack, I'm sorry you're having this problem. What is your username?
To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
the one associated with this electric bill that you paid online
I need to verify your identity for this problem Please provide your date of birth and email address.
thank you. I can find this information with what you've provided. Standby while I research
I have reset your account with a temp. password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hey George, Let me help you with this.
Just to verify, was no note left on the door or the premises?
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
That is the same address that is on the system
I am gonna need to create a ticket for further investigation.
What will happen is that we will contact the person which was responsible for the delievery and verify where he left the package.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
replaced*
I do appoligize for this inconvience...
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further. We will be sure to contact you as soon as we have more information.
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
I am sorry to hear that.
I would like to just verify some thing. Was no note left on your door or premises?
Ok, so you received a delievery notice, but no package. Interesting...
On the notice there should be a name of the person who put the notice in the mailbox, Could you please provide me with the name?
Ok, it seem I am unable to get hold of SAM.
What I have to do now is create a ticket for this to be investigated further.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
I do apologize for this inconvience...
Is there anything else I can assist you with also?
Hey Christina, I will be able to help you.
Could you just verify that there is no notice anywhere in the building or premise left for you?
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
That matches the system.
What I need to do is create a ticket for this to be investigated further
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey. Please confirm that there wasn't a note from the delivery service regarding the package
Okay thank you. Please verify the address it was delivered to
Let me research this. Please stand by.
Unfortunately, the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be investigated.
You'll receive an email within 24 hours. If you don't hear back by then please contact us
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a great day
Hi Somesh. I'm sorry that this happened. Please confirm that there was no note from the delivery service.
I do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket for further investigation
The investigation takes about 24 hours. You'll be notified by email. If you don't hear back by then, please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hye Kimber, let me try and assit you with this.
I have pulled your information up on the system.
When did this internet connection problem begin?
Hey Kimber?
It could be realted to that. Let me look
Sorry I mean, I believe it could be related to that.
Looking on the system it seems your device is syncing up with the system.
With a relatively good ping.
What  can do is try and resetting the setting and see if this will help. One moment
You will lose internet connection for a few seconds.
Let me know when you connected again and are able to test the connection
It seem the connect strenght has increased from our end
No problem, I believe your internet should be more stable now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hey George, le me looking into this with you.
Have you tried restarting your modem?
OK let me pull your routeres settings up
OK I see there are curretnly 10 active users on your modem?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
What I would recomend you do is change you password. Looking at the details, you are recieving proper internet speeds, you just providing that to alot of different devices.
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
That is really nice to hear. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
And happy streaming.
Hello Tom. When did the speed problem begin?
When was the last time you changed your password?
I'm pulling the status from your router.
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem.
I suggest, you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
OK What I will need to do is pull up your modem setting. One moment while I do this.
It seems looking at your modem, you have curretnly 10 devices using your modem? Are you aware of this?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
Seems your neighbors are really good and guess your password. What I would recomend is you change your password on your router.
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
Ask if you need any assistance
How is the internet speed looking now?
That is really good news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey, I can help you. It's been slow for a week? When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, give me a moment, I'm pulling the status from your router.
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem
Not necessarily, but if you haven't given  your password to anyone, I suggest you change it and reconnect all devices
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to help you. When did you begin to see it slow down?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Sorry for the delay. I see that you have 10 users associated with your modem
I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, have a great day.
I am happy to help. When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I see that there are currently 10 active users on this modem.
Well, I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, have a great day
Okay, thank you Jack. I can help you.
I understand. I will log a ticket and will have the problem investigated. You should receive a response in about 24 hours.
If you don't hear back, please contact us again
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great day.
Hi Jack. I can help you with this.
When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I'm going to pull the status information from the router. Stand by
I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem
Yes, that's the best thing to do and then reconnect all devices
That should fix your speed problem, but do message back if it doesn't work and we'll send a technician. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Have a great day.
Hey Kimber? This is Werner. Do not worry about not specifying your cellphone number. I was able to verify your conversations
regarding your question, what is an Aldis?
Hey Kimber, no problem.
One moment please, If you read the HIT, you will see there are pre-specified problem sets
mind sticking to those?
Well we have had one conversation. What I will do is end the conversation. Then you can just begin from problem 2 onwards
Problem 1:  You are trying to log into your online account to pay your electricity bill. After attempting to log into your account three times the system has locked you out. You are unable to get it unlocked. Contact ACME and ask for assistance in getting access to your account.  Problem 2:  You recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today, while you were at work, you received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of your door. Upon arriving home, your package is missing. You have looked online and saw you explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package. Contact ACME and see if they are able to help.  Problem 3:  Your internet speed is really slow!! The slow internet speed problem began like a week. It is so bad that you are unable to even stream anything.  Contact your internet service provider, ACME, to find out what is going on and if they can help you resolve this problem.
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you. What is the username associated with the account?
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the electric bill
Thank  you. I have issued a password reset. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it shortly.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi Kevin, I'm happy to help you with this. What's your username on this account?
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You will receive instructions to reset it shortly.
Yes, shortly. You can reset the password by using the link in the email. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, have a great day.
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you with this.  Please verify that there was no note from the delivery service on your door.
Okay. I apologize for that. Please verify the address it should have been delivered to
Okay, thank you. I do see that the package was delivered.
I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated.
You're welcome. The investigation process takes about 24 hours. You'll receive an email with the results then. If you don't hear back, please reach back out to us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, you too.
Yes Kevin, I'm happy to assist you. Please verify that there was no note from the delivery company on your door.
Okay. Please verify the address it was supposed to go to.
Let me research this, I'll get back to you shortly.
I see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. I will log a ticket of inquiry.
No, that shouldn't be necessary, The investigation will take about 24 hours. We will contact you then with further instructions. If you don't hear back please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day
Hello Dan, I'm happy to assist you with this. I'm sorry that you got snowed in. What was the flight you had originally planned to take?
I see that  you are a platinum member. Thank you. I see that you were supposed to fly out at 4pm. I have an available flight at 8pm tonight or 8am tomorrow morning.
No problem. And, since you are a Platinum member, there will be no additional charge for the flight change.
I've booked the ticket, please check your email and confirm that you received it.
Great, have a safe flight home.
You're welcome
Hello Emily. I'm sorry to hear you were snowed in. What was the time of your original flight and what was the flight number?
Okay, thank you for that information. We have a flight going out tonight at 8pm or tomorrow morning at 8am.
Very good. And, I see that you're a platinum member, thank you. We will not charge you any additional fee.
I've booked your flight, please confirm that you've received the email with your ticket information
Great, have a safe flight.
Hello Dan. I can assist you with this.
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
I just need to confirm that you or a member of  your family didn't agree to this contract
I have suspended that account and I
I've created a ticket for an investigation
You will be contacted if more information is needed to complete the investigation
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great rest of your day
Hi Bob, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure time?
There are two flights available. 9am and 11am
No problem. And, I see that  you are a platinum member, so there will be no additional charged
charge
I just emailed you the ticket information, please confirm that you received it
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you! Have a safe flight.
When did the speed problem begin?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Sorry for the delay, I'm pulling the status information from your modem. Stand by
It appears that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
That's correct. If you haven't authorized those, I suggest you update your password and reconnect your devices.
Okay, I suggest that you change the password, contact the three authorized users and reconnect all the devices
That should help your speed issues. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day
I will assist you with this problem. What's the cell number associated with this new contract?
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't agree to this new contract
I've started a ticket for an investigation and suspended the account.
That's correct. You'll be notified with there's any further information needed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello Bob, I'm sorry to hear this. What's the cell number associated with the contract?
OK let me look into account quickly.
From the information I have infront of me I see it was a newly created account.
Just to verify before I suspend the account you are sure you did not open this account?
I am sorry for this sir. Let me resolve this problem. I will also notify the credit agencies of the mistake.
Please give me one moment while I suspend the account, for further investigation.
Ok the account has been suspended, I have also notify our fraud department. They will do a complete investigation and ensure you are not affected in anyway
We take this matter very seriously.
One more thing, could you please just verify that we have not subtracted any amount from your account?
The system indicates that the payment will only be subtracted later, but I would just like to cover all bases.
Ok, our system shows that we have not subtracted any amount from your account.
Great. I am sorry for this confusion... The account is now suspended and I do not believe you would need to worry any further.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to assist. I'm sorry that you didn't receive the shelf. Is it the Oak, 5 shelf bookshelf?
I'm happy to send the missing shelf to you overnight.
I'd also like to offer to send you the book of your choice to help fill the shelves.
Consider it done! Have a great rest of your day!
You're welcome.
Hi Emily, I apologize that you are missing a shelf. Is it from the Oak 5 shelf bookshelf?
I'm happy to send you the missing shelf. I'll have it overnighted to you.
No, absolutely not. In fact, I'd like to send you a book of your choice to help fill your new bookshelf
Fantastic! Enjoy!
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the user name associated with this account"
?
Okay, in order to verify your account, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the bill that you got locked out of.
okay, thanks. I  have issued a reset for your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset it.
I'm glad we could resolve the issue quickly.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great rest of your evening.
I'm sorry to hear that you were missing a shelf. Thanks for the details on the furniture
I'm happy to send out the missing shelf and have it overnighted to you.
Yes, in fact, I'd also like to send you a copy of your favorite novel to help fill the shelves of your new bookshelf
What book?
On its way! Enjoy!
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry for this confusion. Please confirm that there was no note on the door from the delivery company
Okay please confirm that address that it should have been sent to
I've researched my system and it does seem to have been delivered.
I will open a ticket for an investigation. It usually takes 24 hours to investigate this type of issue. If you don't hear back, please reach out to us.
I apologize for this issue. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you, you too.
Certainly, I'm happy to help you with this problem.
When did the speed problem begin?
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password?
Oh. pulled the status information from your modem and I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem.
Then I suggest that you change your password and then reconnect all your devices.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
Hey Jeramey, I am sorry to hear about that.
Let me assist you with getting you a new flight.
What was the flight number which you were booked on?
Ok Jeramey. I have located your ticket.
I have also noticed that you are a platinum frequent flyer
In cases where unforeseen circumstances causes you to miss a flight, it is our policy to help you return home free of charge..
I have two flights available for you. One 7pm and the other one at 9pm. Which would you prefer?
I see you seating preferences are window seats? So I can book 2A if you want?
Great you have been booked. You should be receiving an email soon regarding the details.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey Somesh, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could I first get the flight you were suppose to be on?
Could you please specify to which destination you wish to fly?
OK, I have two flights available. One 7pm and the other one 9pm.
Could I assist you with booking one of these flights?
In that case, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a pleasant day further.
Hey Jeramy, I will assist you with this. Could you please give me the cellphone number on that contract?
Pulling up the information, one moment please
OK I see it is a new account which was opened in your name.  However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
OK in that case what I will do is suspend the account immediately and open an investigation regarding this  matter.
I do apologize for this.
OK the account is suspended. During this investigation the department will also clear any credit related aspect.
It is our pleasure, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a pleasent day further.
Hey Somesh. Let me me assist you with resolving this.
Could you please specify the cellphone number on the invoice?
OK one moment while I run this thought the system.
OK I see it is an account and it was opened in your name. From my understanding you have no recognition of this?
In that case, I will be suspending the account immediately.
I will also open an investigation into the mater which the fraud department will be handling. They will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Jeramay, Sure let me quickly just look which shelf you ordered...
OK on the system it says it is the zw1234 black bookshelf. I see all the shelves are the same size.
I will happy to ship you a new shelf.
One moment while I process this for you.
As we are so passionate about book, we would like to include a free book of your choice with this shelf replacement.
Is there a specific book you would like?
In that case we will be sure to send you a great romance with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Enjoy reading your books.
Hey Somesh, give me one moment while I look which bookshelf you ordered.
I see it is the oak five shelf deluxe?
Seeing that all shelves are the the same size, we will gladly send you a new shelf.
Additionally because we care about our customers and fellow book lovers, we would like to ship a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
We do indeed.
I will be sure to ship that with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further and enjoy your copy of "Marley and me"...
Sorry to hear that, I'll help you fix it
Hey Werner
What are you saying?
blah
jip
okay I can help
Good morning Jack.
I can help you. Please tell me your full address with apt. number if applicable
Okay great. Let me see if your address is serviceable
It is. The first available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for  you?
Great. I will have someone there between 9a  and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. Did this problem just start happening?
Okay, if you haven't already tried restarting the system, please do so now and let me know if that works. If not, I will have a technician come to service the issue
Fantastic. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Sometimes there's a surge in the system.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's the name of the person who purchased the tickets?
Is it under your name?
Okay, let me look it up in the system.
Great thanks for that information.
I can see the double charge.
I will credit the extra charge back to your credit card. You should see the credit within two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What was the flight number and time of departure?
Thank you for that information. I can get you on a flight at 3p this afternoon or 8p this evening.
Are you still there?
No, we can get you into O'Hare, would you like 3p this afternoon, or 8p?
Can you see my responses?
Okay. I am happy to assist you.
Please tell me your full address
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes you are. The first available appointment is March 6th does that work?
I just got something opened for this evening between 6p and 9p does that work ?
Did you see my note that we have something available for tonight?
Okay, you are confirmed for this evening. Is there anything else I can help  you with today?
Have a great day.
Thanks
Good morning, I can assist you. Please tell me your new address.
Is there an apartment number?
Okay. let me confirm that your in a serviceable area.
Yes, we can have someone to you on March 6th does that work?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with todayh?
Have a great day. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hi Jack. I'm sorry, We have a 3p today or 8p this evening.
Okay, which time works for you? 3p or 8p? Did you see my previous note?
Okay, great. I see that your a Gold member so there is not extra charge. Please check your email to confirm receipt of your ticket information
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Good morning. I am happy to help. Please tell me when you started seeing that problem
If you haven't already tried it, please restart your system and let me know if that helps.
Okay, I'm checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area, please stand by.
There is a reported problem in your area. They are working to resolve this issue and you should be back up and running within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks and have a great day?
day.
Good Morning Mary. I can help you with this. If you haven't already tried this, please restart your system and let me know if that help.s.
Great, Let me know if that works.
I'm glad to hear that. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you and have a great day.
Of course, I can assist. I'm sorry you had that problem. What's the name of purchaser and which even was it for?
Okay, let me retrieve the information. Standbyh
I see the double billing and have issued you a credit. You should see the refund in about two day.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's the name of the purchaser and the date of the event?
Okay great, let me find the information. Standbhy
standby
Is see the issue and have credited your account. You should see it hit  your account within two days.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thanks!
Good morning Bob. I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
I can assist you with this
Okay. I'm sorry.
Please confirm the delivery address on the package and let me know what that was
I found your table, I apologize for the confusion. I can have it delivered to you first thing tomorrow morning. Does that work for you?
Fantastic. They will also pick up the white table. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. I can assist you. What was the flight number and name of one of the passengers?
Okay, let me look up your information.
I have see that we have two flights going out today. One is at 4pm and the other is 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
I see that you are a Gold Member. So there is no additional charge.
No problem. I have emailed you the ticket information. Please let me know that you received it.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day and a safe flight.
I can assist you with this. Please tell me your cell phone number.
I will try and resolve it as quickly as possible.
I looked up your account and unfortunately, the bank declined the payment
I would like to rebill it to the account on file. Will that be okay?
Okay great. I have rebilled it and it went through fine.
Your phone should be active again in the next 10 minutes.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can help you with this.
Please confirm the address on the label and let me know which one you received in error.
Okay, what's your order number?
Okay, let me retrieve your order information, Stand by
I found your table. I can have it delivered in the morning. They will also pick up the other table. Does that work for you?
Great. You're confirmed for tomorrow morning by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. I can assist you.
What's the account number?
Okay, let me pull up your account. I see the order. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but let me talk to my supervisor.
You are a loyal customer, so I am authorized to credit your account the $100
Thank you! Is there anything else I can help you with today"
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Good morning Anny. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What table did you receive and what's the address on the label?
What's your order number?
Okay, Stand by. I'm looking into this.
I found your table and can have it delivered first thing in the morning
No. They will also pick up the table you have.
It went to Marigold Ave instead of lane
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this. What is your cell number so I can research the issue.
I see that you made a payment but it was declined by the bank.
Yes, I will rebill the payment to the account on file
The payment went through. You should have service in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You're welcome. Have a great day>
Hi John I can assist you with this. Which table did you receive and what's the address on the delivery label?
Okay, what's your order number?
I found your table. It went to ABC Lane. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for  you?
Great. You're confirmed for delivery by 9am and they will pick up the other table as well.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day. thank you
I'm sorry to hear that you have this issue. I can assist. What's the cell number?
I've pulled up your account and see that a payment was made on March 1st but it was declined by the bank.
I'm not sure what happened but I can rebill your account if that's okay
Yes. I sent it through and it credited successfully. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I will certainly help you. What's the account number?
I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
I"m sorry. I responded to you in error. I see the $100 charge and I
I've gotten the authorization to credit you account.
I'm sorry for this issue. I suggest you change  your password. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the cell number?
Okay, Standby while I review your account.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
I can do that for you now if that's okay
It went through successfully. Your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number on that contract?
Okay. Standby while I look at that account.
Please confirm that you or a member of your family did not open this account
I have suspended the account  and created a ticket for an investigation
Someone will be in contact with you if they need more information. is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm very sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the account number?
I see the charge on your account. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but because you're a loyal customer I will see what I can do.
Have a great day.
I'm so sorry to hear that this happened to you. I will be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Okay. Please standby while I pull up your account.
I see the charge and I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me speak to my supervisor because the company has a no refund policy.
I've been authorized to credit your account the full  $100 and offer you a 20% discount on your next online order.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that . Please tell me the cell number associated with that contract.
Okay, please standby while I look into this.
I see this account. Please confirm that your or a family member did not start this contract
Thank  you for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation.
You will be notified by email should they need any further information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number associated with that contract?
Please stand by while I research this.
Please confirm that that you or a member of your family didn't authorize this contract.
Thanks for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation
You will be notified by email if they need any further informatoin
information
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. What's your username?
Let me pull up your account. Stand by.
For verification, please provide your full name, ;date of birth and email
Okay, I've reset your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
thanks have a great day
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can assist you. What's your username?
Thanks. Let me pull up your account. Standby.
I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to reset a new password. shortley.
Before I do this - please verify your date of birth and email address.
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I can assist you with this. What is your username.
Okay. For verification, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email
Great. I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email  with instructions to reset shortly.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
Have a great day.
I"m sorry to hear that. What's the username on the account?
For verification please provide your email address and date of birth.
thank  you. I have reset  your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
are you still there?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm so sorry that you had that issue. What's the order number"
I see that it was delivered and left in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as  soon as possible.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
Please do that and see if that helps.
It probably didn't help. I see that you have 10 active users
I see that you have 10 users currently on your account. If they aren't authorized by you, you should change your password and reset your devices.
Okay. That may be slowing things down. I'll need to send a technician to see if there are any other issues
Is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out.
thanks have a great day.
Please tell me your full address
are you still there?
No problem. Let me see if you
are in a serviceable area.
are  you still there?
I'm sorry for the delay. I can have someone out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work?
Okay, how's the 7th?
No problem. Get back when you can. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You too. thanks
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's your order number  and delivery address?
Okay please stand by while I research this.
I see that it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and we will get this resolved as quickly as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
okay. Have a great day.
bye.
I'm happy to assist. What's your username
For verification, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thanks you. I've reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery person on your door.
Okay let me research this issue. Please stand by
I see that it was delivered in error. I apologize. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with todayh?
Okay, have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
I see that in fact it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
Hey Bob, I am sorry for the wait. Let me help you with this
thank you for all the information.
Let me pull up the records.
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Hey Christina. I will be able to assist you.
Was no note left by any deliver person?
I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please specify your address?
Great thank you for this inform, I see that is matches what I have got on the system.
I am quickly tracking down the person responsible for that delivery.
standby please
Ok, I seem to be unable to get hold of him currently. What I will need to do is create a ticket for this to investigated.
WE will be able to give you the outcome within the next 24hours.
If for any reason it is negligence on our part, we will gladly replace the modem
I am sorry for this, inconvenience.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
I will be able to assist you with this bob.
OK great. Thank you for the information.
Let me pull up your account of the system
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Could you confirm your cellphone number also?
No problem. Thank you for verifying you identity. I will go ahead and schedule the password reset.
Give me one moment while I do this.
OK, I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with further instructions.
Once you have reset your password you will have access to your account
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, Bob. Have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that.Have you tried to reset the router
Okay that's good. Also, I see that you have 10 active users currently. Do you know them ?
Okay great! I'm glad the reset helped. Can I assist you with anything else?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
I'm happy to see that it worked You also have 10 active users currently.
Okay. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the order number?
Thanks. It
It's the Oak bookshelf?
Great. I will overnight a shelf to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist. Have you tried resetting your router?
Oh, okay. What's your account number?
Stand by while I research.
I see that you currently have 10 users actively using your internet connection.
Okay, then I suggest that you change you password and reset all your devices. This will help the speed
Is there anything else i can help you with
Okay, have a great day.
Hey Christina, I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
OK, one moment while I pull up the current status of your modem.
OK looking at you modem, I see you correctly synced up with the exchange and the upload and download speeds seem right.
Ah, here we go. I see you have 8 active devices on your modem currently.
Is this intentional?
In that case, I believe you model security was compromised.  I suggest you reset you modems password and reconnect all devices.
Do you need assistance in doing this?
OK, thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure. I can help. Have you tried resetting the router
Yes, did that help?
Don't feel that way. I'm glad it helped. You also have 10 active users.  Do you know if they are all authorized?
Okay, great. Please call back if the issue returns. Is there anything else I can help with ?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Okay. I can have the shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
Hey Valerie, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am currently pulling up your order.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase?
Is this correct?
Ok, sending a new shelf should be really easy
I will be sure to do that right now for you..
Seeing that you are a book lover, could we offer you a free book to help fill the bookcase?
No problem, you will not need to worry about any payment.
Which book would you like?
Any book you would like...
One moment while I see if I can track down that book...
OK seems we can get it. Bit exspensive
but a deal is a deal
we will be sending that over with the self
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
Hey Alan, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your account number?
Ok, busy pulling up the account details, one moment please.
OK I will need to verify your identify before proceeding. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
Great, thank you for verifying your identity.
Let  go ahead and schedule that password reset. Standby please
OK I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions.
Once the password is reset, you will have full access to your account again
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is the order number?
Okay. Standby while I research the issue.
I see that it was delivered in error. I will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.
I understand. There was some confusion on our end. You'll be contacted via email regarding the resolution.
You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Okay. Have a great day.
Hey Bill, let me assist you with this.
I see you ordered the oak bookshelf? Is that correct?
Ok, replacing the shelf should be easy, Considered it done.
I have just placed the order. However to make up for the inconvenience, I would like to offer you a free book of your choice
Which book would you like?
Let me just ensure I can get you this book...
Ok we have it. I will be sure to send that along with your free delivery. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I see the order, it's the oak one right?
Okay, I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay, Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. Let me research this - standby
I see the order, is it the Oak bookshelf?
Okay. I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good bye
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What is the order number?
I see the order.  I have credited the account you should see the credit in two days.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, I can assist you. What
is your username?
Okay for verification purposes please provide your full name, email address and date of birth.
Thanks. I have reset your account with a temporary password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.  Yes it's been resolved.
Yes, sorry for the delay. Is there anything else I can help with?
Good-bye
I can assist you. Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay great. I"m glad to see that worked. You also have 10 active users. Does that seem right to you?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the flight number and time of departure
Okay. I have two flight options. 2pm today or 6pm tonight.
Great. I see that your
you're a Gold member so there's no charge. YOU are confirmed and will get an email with the flight info
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay what's your account number
I pulled up your account and see that  you currently have 10 active users.
I suggest that you change your password and reset your devices.
Okay, that will help. Is there anything else I can help you with
I'm sorry to hear that. What table did you get and what's the delivery address
I see your order and can deliver your table first thing tomorrow. Does that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You too. thanks
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. What's the order number?
I see your order. I can have the table delivered first thing tomorrow. Does that work ?
Yes, You're correct. Sorry. I need to open an investigation.
You will receive an email from the investigative team if they have any other questions and to confirm redelivery.
They need to investigate but will resolve it as quickly as possible.
Great. No we are done.  Have a great day.
Yes, I can assist you. What is the address?
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou.
Are you still there
Hey Bob, Sure thing let me assist you with this
Perfect, thank for the item. That matches the item on our system.
I will be sure to send you a replacement  shelf, free of charge.
No problem bob. Do you have enough books for this massive shelf?
I do apologize for the inconvenience, regarding the missing shelf. Be sure to use ACME again when you want another shelf:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further:)
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's the order number?
Please standby while I review it.
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will need to open an investigation. Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery service.
Okay, thanks. You will hear from the investigative team via email. They will work to resolve it quickly.
I understand, They will help. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Have a great day
thanks.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the router
Okay great. You also have 10 users currently active on your account.  Are you aware of that?
I would strongly suggest that and then reset all your devices.
No that's it. Have a great day.
Thank you.
What is the cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes, I will do that. Stand by
It worked. you should have service in about 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with
I can assist you with this. What is your address
Okay, let me confirm that we service your area.
Yes, we service  your area. The earliest appointment is March 6th. Does that work?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Okay, you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
bye
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the charge. I also see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you.  The company doesn't offer refunds but let me talk to my supervisor.
I've been authorized to credit the $100. You should see that in two days.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
Okay, thank you. Have you tried rebooting your router?
I am looking at your account and I noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Do you know about those?
I see. Well I strongly suggest that you change your password and reset all your devices.
Try it now. I will wait.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Okay, I can assist you with that. What
is the cell number associated with that contract
I understand but I need the cell number to review that account
Thank you. Let me take a look. Standby
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract
Okay. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket of inquiry.
If the investigative team has any questions they will contact you via email . Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the order number?
I see the double charge. I have credited your card and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. What was the flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that there are two flights leaving today. Does either 4pm or 8pm work for you?
Great. I also see that you're a Gold Member flyer, so there is no extra charge for this change.
I've sent you a confirmation email. Please confirm that you received it.
Fantastic. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome.
Hello Jose, How may I assist you today?
Hello Jose?
No problem. How may I assist you today?
No problem, Do you not wish to have a conversation?
Ok, no problem. Have a good day further
Yes, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Okay, I will review your account.
To Verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with instructions to reset your password shortly.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a a great day
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What is the order number?
Okay, Standby while I review this.
Is see that it was delivered in error. I will need to open a ticket of inquiry.
Our investigative team will review this  and follow up with you as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I can assist you. What is the delivery address on the box?
What is your order number?
Yes, I see the order and that it was mistakenly delivered to Lollipop Dr. not Lane. I will have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Great. They will also pick up the other table. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
I can help you with this.
What is yours  account number
Have you tried rebooting the router?
Okay. I've pulled up the account and see that you currently have 10 active users. Have you authorized that many?
Yes, I strongly suggest that you do that and reset all your devices.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
What is the cell phone number?
Thank you. I have pulled up the account and see that you made a payment  on March 1st but it was declined.
There could be an error. Do you give me permission to put through the payment again to your card on file?
Okay. I have put the payment through and it did accept the payment. Your service should be back on  in about 10 minutes.
You're welcome.
Hi David. I can help you with this. What's your new address.
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
We do service your area and I see that we can have someone to you tomorrow morning between 9a and noon. Does that work?
Great. You are confirmed for tomorrow between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry that this happened. I can assist you. What is your order number?
Okay - is it the Oak Bookshelf
I am happy to overnight the two missing shelves.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
Okay. I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer . Thank you.  Standby while I research this.
I see the charge. The company doesn't normally refund any money but let me talk to my supervisor.
Thank you. I've been authorized to refund you the $124 and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I can assist you. What's your full address?
Let me check to see if we service that area.
We do service your area and can have someone out to you on March 6th. does that work?
Great. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great is there anything I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I can assist you. Have  you tried rebooting the system?
Yes, let me know if that helps.
I will check to see if there are any issue in your area.
That's great. I'm happy that there was an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
What's the cell phone number associated with the contract?
Thank you. Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract.
Okay, I have suspended this number and will open a ticket to investigate. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Okay. Have you tried restarting your system? Unplug it and then plug it back in and wait for the reboot.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your order number?
I will need your order number research.
thank  you. I see the double charge and I will credit your card. You should see the credit in two days.
You're welcome, Have a great day.
Hi Junior. I can assist you. What's your new address?
Yes, for your new home where you want the cable installed.
Okay, thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. I can have someone out to install on March 6th. Does that work for you>
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
thank you.
Sure. I can help you with that. What's the order number
I pulled up  your order and see that you were double billed. I've credited that amount and  you should see the credit in two day.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
I'm sorry to hear this. What was your flight number and departure city
Okay. I have a 5pm to Reagan or a 6pm to BWI. Do either of those work for you?
Great. I see that you're a Gold Member Flyer. I can make this change with no extra cost to you. Please confirm that you received ticket confirmation in  your email
Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system? If not do so now
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Thank you
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that we have two flight options. 4p and 8p today. Do either of those work?
Okay and i see that you
are a Gold member Flyer. So, there will be no charge for this change. Please confirm that you received the ticket information in your email box.
Happy to assist. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. Please tell me your username.
To verify your identity please tell me  your birth date and zip code
Okay. Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. You'll be getting an email with reset instructions.
YOU're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number
Great. I see that you were double billed. I can refund that and you will see  your credit in two days. Thanks for the Cher reference, made my day.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem . What's the order number ?
I do see that we mistakenly delivered the modem without the required signature. I will have to open up an investigation ticket.
The team will resolve the issue as soon as possible and will contact you directly if they have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to that you missed your flight What is your flight number and departing city?
Please tell me your flight number
Okay. I have two flight available 4p and 8p. Do any other those work for you?
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. Thank  you. Because you are there will be no additional fee for this change.
Please check your email now for the flight information.
Did you receive it.
Is there anything else I can do for you today
Have a great day
Sure, I can assist you. If you haven't already rebooted the system. Please do so now.
If that didn't help, it may be because you currently have 10 active users associated with your modem
That will help. I also suggest that  you change your password and reset all your devices.
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry you are having that issue. What's you're order number?
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Okay. I apologize that you are missing a shelf. I can have it overnighted to you today.
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hello Dave. Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Let me assist you.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Okay, let me confirm that we can service that area.
Yes, that is okay... The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. Your installation is confirmed for March 6th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay let me see if there are any issues in  your area.
I do see that they are working in your area. They've confirmed that the problem should be alleviated within the hours.
hour
Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry you had that issue. I can assist you. What is your order number
I found your order. What is the delivery address on the box?
Thank you. Let me research this. Standby
I see that it was delivered to George Ave. I apologize for the error. We can have it delivered tomorrow morning. Does that work for you>
Of course. They will also pick up the other table at the same time. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Yes, I can assist you.
What is your order number
I see that you were double billed. I will credit your account.
You should see the credit within two days.
Sometimes it can be easy. I'm glad to help. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
You're welcome... which tag line?
Thanks! Have a great day.
Hi Ben. I'm sorry that this happened I can assist you. What is your order number ?
Thank you. What does the table look like that you received and what's the address on the box"
Okay I see where your table went. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that  you got snowed in. What's your flight number and  your departure city
Okay I have your information and see that there are two flight options for today. 6p and 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Great and I see that you're a Gold Member flyer so there will be no charge for the change. Please confirm that you received the confirmation email with your flight informatin
Have a safe flight
What is your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Yes, I put the payment through and the credit worked. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You are welcome
I'm sorry that you had this happen. What's  you're order number?
I found  your order. I can have the correct table delivered in the morning Does that work
Great. You are confirmed Is there anything else I can do
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What is your order number
Let me check on that stand by
I see your order. I am sorry for the confusion. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number?
I found your order. What style table got delivered?
Okay. I see the error. I can have it delivered to you in the morning.  Does that work for you>
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Have a great day
What's your cell number?
I asked for you cell number? Were you able to see my request
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number. Let me look what the problem could be.
Ah, I see the last payment order from the bank was declined.
Sure, we can try and reschedule a payment with the details we have on the system. One moment please
Ok, Ben. It seems the payment was declined again. Do you maybe have another way of processing the payment?
Sending a check would take a long time to clear. Is it possible that you can go to the bank to see if they are able to understand why they are declining the payment ?
Alternatively you can try downloading the app and make a payment with your Credit Card?
Which ever you prefer.
Ok, I am sorry about this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further. It was a pleasure helping you.
Thanks
Hi Liz. I'm sorry for this error. I can assist you. What's your order number?
Okay. I see that you did order dark brown. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work for you/
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything I can help with ?
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number?
what is your cell number so I can research it
Okay. i see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
I can put it through again if you believe this was an error
I put it through again. It may have been a keying error. your service will be back up in 10 minutres.
minutes
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?"
Great. Have a great day
Yes, I can help. I see the order. the Company doesn't normally issue refunds but you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do
My supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20% discount on your next order.
I will. Thank you.
What is your cell number
I see that you made a payment on the1st but it was declined
I can do that for  you
Yes, I see it. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
day
I can assist you. What's your cell number.
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Is it okay for me to put the payment through again
It went through. Your service will be up in about 10 minutes
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your cell number
I see that you made a payment on the first but it was declined
I will but it through again. is that alright
It went through. Your service will be back in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Hey Ben, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your account...
Ok looking at your account I see your address was change last week Friday. Then 3 orders were made to the total of $104
are these the transactions you are referring to?
I understand, I would just like to get an understanding of which transaction are fraudulent.
Ok, based on your track record, I believe we should be able to help you and refund you the amount.
Give me one moment while I just confirm this with my supervisor
Ok, my supervisor agrees that we can authorize the refund
Let me do this for you, one moment please
Ok Ben, I have authorize the refund. I would highly recommend that you change your password of your app
If you would like I can force a password reset for your account?
OK Ben, I am glad I was able to assist you. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
Great, in that case I hope you have a great day further.
What is the cell number associate with that contract
Okay. I will suspend the number and start an investigation
No, they will contact you if they need more info.
Is there anything else I can do
You are welcome. Have a welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the $115 order. The company doesn't offer refunds but because you are such a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
I've been authorized to refund your money. You will see the credit in about two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds but because  you are a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
Of course. I've been authorized to credit the entire amount and offer you a 20% discount on y our next order. Use the code 20% when ordering
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your account number
Is see that order. The company doesn't give refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer so I will see what i can do
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order .Please use code 20%
You are welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds normally but I see that you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do.
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
No problem. You are welcome.
What is your new address
Let me see if we service that area
We do. The next available appointment we have is march 6th.  Does that work
Please confirm someone will be available between 9a and noon
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
What is the cell number associate with that contract
Please confirm that you or anyone else in your family didn't authorize this contract
Okay. I suspended that number. I will open an investigation. You will be contacted by that team if they need further information
Is there anything else I can help you with
You are welcome
What is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. I will suspend that number and open an investigation.
If they have any question they will reach out to you. There's nothing more for you to do.
Thank you. Have a great day
You are welcome
I can assist you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
Please confirm that no one else in your family authorized this
Okay, I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
You will be contacted if they need more information
Yes you can disregard it.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with
You are welcome
What is the number associated with that contract
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
You are welcome
What's your account number? I will assist yhou
you
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system
if not, please do so now.
I checked your area and I do see that there is an issue that is currently being worked on. I have confirmation that it should be  resolved
Oh great. I guess they fixed the problem
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Okay. It should be back up within the hour. If not, please reach back out to us
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I can assist you with this. What's your order number
Are you still there?
I've pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will credit the order and you should see your refund in about two days.
It was probably a keying error. I apologize for any inconvenience.  Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
thanks
Hi Jackie. I can assist you. What's your new address
Okay. Let me see if we service that area
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is march 6th. Does that work
Please confirm that you would be available between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Okay, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area that are being worked on.
Yes, I see that there was an outage that started last night. But I've been told that it should be resolved within the hour.
Yes. That would be best. But I think the problem with resolve itself after they finish working on the problem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to assist  you. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information.
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that second charge and you should see the refund in your account in the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day.
Hi Joe. I'm sorry to hear you are having this problem. What's your account number?
Also, have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you for that information. I am looking to see if there have been any issues we are currently working on in your area.
Okay. I see that they are working on an outage in your area but it should be resolved within the hour.
If it doesn't resolve itself. Please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you were snowed in. I can assist with getting you another flight. What was your flight number and departure city?
Thank you. I see that there are two more flights leaving Denver today. 6p and 9p. Do any of those work for you?
Fantastic. I also see that you are a Gold Club Member so there is no additional charge for the change. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmatino
confirmation
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
okay. I can help you. What is your new address.
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that day work for you?
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great. You are confirmed for the 6th between 9a and noon.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
I'm sorry for this error. I will assist you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me take a look at your order.
I see your order and that you were billed twice. I will refund the second charge. You will see the credit within two days.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello, let me assist you.
What is your flight number and departure city?
Thank you for that information. I see there are two more flights this evening leaving Atlanta. 5p and 9p. Do either of those work for you?
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. So, there is no additional charge for the change. Please confirm that you've received the confirmation of your flight information to your email
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you and have a safe flight
Hi. I can assist.
What is your order number?
Okay. Thank you for that information. Let me pull up your order.
Please describe the table that was actually delivered to you>
Okay. I see your order and have located your table. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning.  Does that work for you?
Great. Your delivery is confirmed for tomorrow by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I'm happy to assist you. What is your order number?
Thank you for that information. What does the table you received look like
Okay. I see the error and where your table was delivered. I can have it delivered to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning by 9am.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I will be happy to assist you.
What is your cell phone number
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Okay. Would you like to do that now and I will put the payment through?
Understood. But your cell service will not be turned back on until you make the payment.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. I will assist you. What is your cell number
Okay. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Yes, I'll be happy to put the payment through again.
It worked this time. Your service should be back on in about 10 m inutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Hello Ryan. I'm sorry to hear about this issue. I'll be happy to assist you.
What is your account number?
Thank  you for that information
I do see this $100 charge. The company doesn't normally offer any refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for that.  Let me see what I can do,.
I've been authorized to credit the $100 and also offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering. I also suggest that you change your password.
No problem. We thank you for your patronage. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Hi Jose. I'm sorry you are had this issue. I'm happy to assist you with this.  What is your account number?
Thank you for this information. Standby while I review your account.
I see the $100 charge. The company normally doesn't offer any refunds but I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see what can be done.
I've been authorized to credit the full $100 charge and offer you a 20% discount. Please use code 20% when ordering.
I there anything else I can help you with today?
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
I'm happy to help you. What is the cell number associated with that contract?
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. Thank you for that confirmation . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation.
That team will reach out to you directly should they have any questions or need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Okay. I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's the cell number associated with this contract.
Thank you for that information.
Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this contract
Okay. I have suspended this number and will open a ticket for an investigation.
That team will reach out to you directly should they need any further information and to let you know the resolution
Jose, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you and have a great rest of your day.
hey
Good morning. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you're area is serviceable. Standby
Okay. I have you in the system. The first available appointment is March 7th does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 7th
Okay, you are confirmed for the 7th.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Good morning Beth. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Great. Let me see if your area is in our service area
Yes, and the first available appointment is on March 7th. Does that work?
Between 9a and noon. Please confirm that someone will be home at that time
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hi I can help you. What's your new addres.
address
thank you. Let me see if that is a serviceable area
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. does that work for you/
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning Bill, I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Let me see if that area is one that we service
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. Does that work for you?
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day
Yes, I can help. What's your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system? if not, please do that now.
That's great. It's nice when it's an easy fix .
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcom
welcome
Good morning, I can help you with that. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. Let me see if you are in a serviceable area
Yes, it is. The next available appointment is March 7th. Does that work
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Yes, I can help with that. What is your account number?
I see that there is an outage in your area. They say that it will be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry you are having that issue. I'm happy to assist you with that. What's your account number?
Okay. thanks. have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
There is an outage in your area and I'm told it will be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can assist you wtih
You're welcome. Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can help you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Great. I'm glad that fixed your problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You're welcome
Okay, I can help you with this. What's your address
Let me see if you're in a serviceable area
We are good. The first appointment available is on March 7th. Does that work
That's okay, they will bring all they need to set you up. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Are you still there?
Yes, I sent you a message. do you see it?
Okay, great. Is there anything else I can assist you with>
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help, What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I can help you with this. What's your order number?
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcom
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your order number
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help. what's your departure city and flight number?
Thank you for that information. I see that there are two flights that are available. one at 12p and 2p today. Do either of those work for you?
Great. And, because you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no extra charge for the change.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your account number?
have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
yes, I see that there is an outage nearby. I understand that they are working on it now and it should be resolved within the hours.
hour
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What's your flight number and departure city?
Okay. I see that there are two flight 2p and noon today. Do either of those work for you?
Great and because you are a Gold Member Flyer there will be no additional charge for this change
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. I'm happy to assist. What's your flight number?
Hmmm. It seems that the flights are canceled for the next two days. The earliest will be March 7th. I have a standby at 9a and a flight at noon. Do either of those work for you?
Okay, I will book you at noon on march 7th. Please look in your inbox and confirm that you receive your flight confirmation
did you receive the email?
Great. You are confirmed. There will be a $125 change fee. Shall I put it through with the card you have on file?
Thank you. It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. What's your account number?
Please provide me with your account number.
Thanks for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, how long ago?
Okay, thanks for trying again. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
There are no issues in your area. We'll have to have a technician come out to fix your problem.
The first appointment we have is tomorrow afternoon between 2p - 5p
Does that work?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information. I pulled up your order. I don't see a double bill, I see two tickets purchased one for march 7th and one for march 8th
I understand. Unfortunately, since you purchased two tickets on two different days, we can't offer you a refund.
Okay, let me look into this further. Stand by
I don't see an error on our end. But, I see that you order tickets from our site often. Let me talk to my supervisor to see if there's anything we can do
I got the authorization to give you a credit for the amount of the second ticket. Unfortunately, I can't refund the money
Okay, I'm glad we were able to resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thank you. Have a great day.
Hi. I'm happy to help. Please stand by
What's you order number
Okay, thank you. I pulled up your order and see that there are two tickets ordered. Both for $88 but the other ticket but the other order is for different seats on the same day.
So, two sets of two tickets. One Row F seats, 12 and 13. The others are Row W 14 and 15
Okay, first, please confirm which seats you want
Let me see what we can do. Please stand by
Unfortunately, since it appears you ordered both tickets we can't offer a refund. But, I see that you do order tickets often from our site so let me see if there's anything else we can do
Okay, I've been authorized to offer you a credit for the $88 to use on your next purchase
Great/ O
oops... Great, I'm glad I was able to resolve the issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day and I hope your team wind
wins
Good Morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. I'm happy to help you. What was your flight number and departure city
Thank you for that information. I did see that Fargo, got 20 inches of snow.
Unfortunately, the next flights out aren't until tomorrow and the are both standby. Which is better for you? 9a or noon
Okay. You are confirmed for 9am march 6th. Please be there early to help your chances of getting on that flight.
I just sent your flight confirmation. Please check your inbox and confirm you received it.
Great, you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. I can assist you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
When did you last try
Please try again while I'm on with you
Okay, that
is great. Please confirm that your channel is coming in clearly
Very good. I'm glad it got resolved quickly.
I noticed that you are currently over due on your monthly payment. Can you make a payment today?
I'm happy to make that payment for you. Can I charge your card on file. $175 to bring you up to date?
I'm sorry, to be clear. You'll make the payment on your own... I won't put it through for you now.
Understood. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. What was your flight number?
I will try. What are the names of the passengers?
Okay. Let me see if there's anything available. Please standby
There is a standby flight at 1p today. does that work? if not, there's a flight I can put you on at 6p
Hmmm. I see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. I am able to get you on the 1p flight and can offer you either coach or for $50 each and upgrade to First class
Fantastic. I will bill your card on file.
Please look in your inbox for confirmation and let me know when you received it
Great. have a safe flight.
You're welcome
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. What is your order number
Okay, let me look into this. Please stand by
Which table did you receive?
I pulled up your order and I see the issue. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have the table delivered first thing in the morning.
Okay. did the driver leave it in the box?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow between 9a and 11a
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's your order number ?
Okay, give me a minute to research this.
yes, you are in our area. the next available appointment is march 9th
No, sorry. We can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work
Okay great. You're confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning between 9a and 11a
You're welcome. Have a great day
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. is there an apartment number
Okay. Let me see if you are in our service area
yes, you are. The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
Okay, please look in your inbox for the confirmation and try to call 24 hours in advance if you need to reschedule
There is no charge for installation.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to help you. What's your order number
what table did you receive?
Hmmm I see that you ordered a glass table. The bottom has metal legs in your order.
Okay, I see. I apologize for inconvenience. I can have your table to you first thing in the morning. Does that work
Great. They will also pick up the glass table that was mis-delivered.
You are confirmed for delivery between 9a and 11a
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your cell number
I have pulled up your information. It appears that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure. I'm happy to charge the account we have on file.
Hmmm, it was declined again. The account on file ends in 6917 with an expiration date of 4/15
Is that correct
Okay. Please go into your online account and update your information. Let me know when that's complete and I can run the payment again. I'll hold.
Great. You are fast! I'm putting the payment through now.
It went through this time. confirmation # 4590305304
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
Good morning Dave. I'm sorry to hear that you are having this issues. What's your cell number?
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it.
Okay, I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you?
Hmmm. I put the payment through but it was declined again. the card we have on file ends in 7895 and the expiration date is 4/15
are you still there
sure. Please go online and update your information. I'll hold
Great. I will run it now. Standby
it went through. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great day
Hello. I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
Let me look into this for you.
I'm sorry, I don't see that order number. Please confirm the number
Great. Yes, I see that order.
It doesn't show a double billing though. It shows two tickets purchased for march 10th at 8pm, one is for seat 14 row AA and the other is seat 8 in row W
Yes, the cost is the same for both seats. Which seat did you want
Okay. We don't offer refunds for purchases but I see that you order from our site frequently so I'll see if there's anything we can do
I can offer you a credit on your next purchase, but I can't refund the money.
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue for you.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day and enjoy the performance
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. what's your account number
I see the $100 charge on march 1st. Unfortunately the company doesn't offer any refunds
Yes, I do see that you're a loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor
I'm able to refund the money to you. I strongly suggest that you update your password and username.
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number
Thanks for that information. Let me look into the matter
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined. that's why you don't have service.
Sure. I will put the charge through again.
Hmmm. It was declined again. I have your card ending in 4563 with an expiration date of 4/15
Please log on to your account and update the information I'll hold
Great. I put the charge through and it was accepted. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you had that problem. What's your account number?
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see that you are a very loyal customer and we'd hate to lose you. Let me talk to my supervisor.
Okay. I've been authorized to credit your account. I strongly suggest that you change your password and username
I'm glad we could resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
You received a contract in the mail? What's the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. the contract name is under Jim Kennedy. do you know this person?
Okay. I've suspended the number and have opened a ticket of inquiry.
If someone from that team needs more information. They will contact you. But first, please log on to - fraudcontract.com and put in the contract number and confirm that it is not yours. I'll hold.
thanks. Is there anything else I can help youwith
Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. what was the flight number and departure city
I'm sorry. There's aflight today at 2p and 4p. Do either of those work for you
Okay, You are confirmed at 2p. Please check your inbox for the flight informatoin
Have safe flight.
What table did you receive?
Okay, let me find out where your table went
I found it. It went to Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your account nubmer
number
I see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
yes, I see you are very loyal customer. I will put my manager on. Stand by
Hello, I'm Jean the manager. I see that you are a loyal customer. We cant
can't offer you a refund but can offer you a credit of the $100 for future orders
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue. I strongly suggest you change your password and user name
I would also like to offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Please use code 10%
You're welcome. Thanks for being a great customer
Please open the box to confirm that the table is light oak. Also, please give me your order number
are you still there?
I can assist you with this What's the cell number on the contract
Okay. I see that the customer is kevin kennedy. do you know this person
Okay. We have suspended the number and I've started a ticket of inquiry.
that's correct. If the team investigating has any questions, they will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number
Please open the box and confirm that the table is light oak
I'm sorry about that. Sometimes that happens. I'm glad you did receive the correct table.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
sorry, the last line was for my other customer. Is the table light oak inside?
I actually found your table. It went to 123 Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it sent first thing in the morning. Does that work>
Great, you are confirmed for tomorrow by 9a
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm sorry to hear you are having this issue. what's your cell number
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Sure, I will run the charge again
Hmmm. I ran the charge but it was declined. I have card ending 9648 with the expiration date of 4/15. Is that correct
Okay, I see. Please go online and update your information. I will hold
Great. I will run it again
It went through this time. confirmation number is 2654984C5.
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
Hello, I can assist you with this. What is the cell number on the contract?
I've pulled up that account. It says it belongs to a Tammy Brown, is that you?
Okay, but you say you didn't authorize this contract?
Please confirm that no one else in your household ordered a phone
Okay. I've suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry. If someone from that team has any questions, they will contact you directly.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with
okay, Have a great day
I'm happy to assist here. What's your cell number?
I've pulled up the account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Sure. I can run the charge on the back up card
it went through. Your confirmation number is 895164
No problem. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
Please standby while I pull up the account
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
yes, you have been a very loyal customer. let me see if there's anything I can do.
I've been authorized to give you a credit of $100 but I can't refund that money.
I'm sorry. You're correct. $125. I've logged a ticket to investigate and I also urge you to change your password and username
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear the wrong table was ordered. What's your order number
What table did you recieive
I see your order and have found the delivery error.
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. what's your cell number
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
It was definitely declined, shall I run it again?
Hmmm. I ran it again and it declined again. the card on file ends in 2687 but the expiration date is 2/15.
Please go onto the site and update that information. I will hold
Great, I will run it again.
It went through, your confirmation number is 561CE264
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome. Have a great day
thanks!
Hello, I am happy to assist you.
What's the cell number on that account
I pulled up that account. The name on the account says Marie Smith, is that you?
Oh, I see. Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this account.
Thank you for confirming. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You're welcome. If a member of that team needs more information, they will reach out to you directly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your account number?
I've pulled the account and see the charge
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see that you've been a loyal customer for 8 years. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I spoke to my supervisor. We can offer you a credit for the $100 but no a refund
Great. I'm happy we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a 20% discount. Use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to see you had that issue. What's your account number?
I pulled up your order and see the charge. Unfortunately it looks like it was made from your username JJJ. The company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
Thank you and I'm happy we could resolve this. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear about this I'm happy to assist. what's the cell number on the account
yes
That's odd. Please standby while I research this.
Hmmm, the order was placed locally in your area. Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this
I have suspended your account. I will open a ticket of inquiry with our investigation team. they will reach out to you directly if they need more information. There's been no money charged here
I don't think you need to get your bank involved at this time
Please log on to fraudatt.com and use the ID. Notmycard and password is the cell number. Then follow the instructions to confirm this was fraudulent. Once done, let me know. I'll hold
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the whole order. Was it the oak table?
Okay, I'll overnight a leg to you. You should have it by noon tomorrow - sent via fedex.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you are locked out. What is your account number?
Thank you. Please stand by while I research this
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
thank you, please stand by, while I research this.
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry you're having this issue. What's your account number
thank you. Please stand by while I research this
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you were locked out. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Thank you. Please give me a minute while I review this order
I'm sorry this happened. I see the error in the delivery and can have it delivered to you by the end of the day. Does that wor4k
work
You are welcom
e
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
For verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email
Are you still there ?
Okay, I've given the account a temp password, please check your email for instructions to create a new one
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
Please let me research this. Standby.
I do see that it was delivered and left without a signature. Please confirm that there was no note left by the delivery company
Okay, I've opened a ticket of inquiry. I will get it resolved as quickly as possible.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I've pulled up your order and see that it was mistakenly delivered.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
Please let me research this. Standby.
I do see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. Please confirm there was no note left but the delivery company
I do see that it was delivered but I see that it was signed for. The signature is not legible.
Okay. I will open a letter of inquiry with FedEx. I will get it resolved and reach out to you via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
You're welcome
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone numner?
Thank you Jose, give me one moment while I look what is wrong
Looking at your account it seems that some one reported this number as stolen?
The account is currently suspended... are you aware of this?
The easiest way for me to resolve this is to verify that I am indeed speaking to the correct person. Would you feel comfortable give personal information?
Otherwise you will need to go into a mobile store of ours and they will assist you
This information is good, only things else I would require is the last 4 digits of your social security number
Thank you for confirming this. I have activated your account.
I have also created a ticket for further investigation.
No problem Jose.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further
Hey Bill, let me try and assist you.
Have you looked around the house and premises to see if any notes were left?
Interesting. Let me pull up the details...
one moment please. I would like to establish who delivered the package.
OK, I have tried to contact Bob, the person responsible for the delievery
But he is not answering right now.
The only thing I can do now is create a ticket for further investigation.
The investigation process typically takes 24 hours to complete
Hello?
If for some reason we are unable to resolve this we will gladly replace the package
I do apologies for this.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Well, someone outside may have gotten on. I suggest you change your password and user name then reboot your devices.
is there anything else I can assist you with
You are welcome
I can assist you. What is your order number?
I see that it was delivered. I see it was signed for but the signature is illegible.
Okay, I've opened a letter of inquiry with FedEx. You will be contacted via email.
You're welcome
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Sure, I can upgrade to the Platinum speed. It will be an extra $14.95 a month
Okay, done. Is there anything else I can help with
have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Okay. when did you notice the slow down? Have you tried rebooting your router? if not, please do so now
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I suggest that you change your password and username, then reboot all your devices. that should help. If it doesn't please reach back out to us
Great, is there anything else I can do for you?
have a great day
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
Yes, they've gotten on your wifi. I suggest you change your password then reboot all your devices.
You are welcome
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the order. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds
Yes, of course it does. I will check with my supervisor
I can offer you a credit of the $100 but not a refund
great. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. use code 20%
You're welcome
Hey Bill, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart the modem ?
If you would like, I can run a diagnostics on your router to see what is going on?
Standby, while I do this
OK I have your modems status in front of me. I see that you are syncing with the exchange at the expected speed. I do however notice you have 10 devices connect currently?
Are all these devices yours?
This could result in slow internet sometime. I would recommend you do not activate automatic update.
Either than that, I believe things are sorted?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Dustin, I will be able to assist you with this.
Great, thanks.
Let me pull up the information quickly...
OK I have your account in front of me. I see there were multiple attempts.
I will be able to help you resolve this and give you access in no time
I would just need some personal information to verify that I am speaking to the correct person
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number, date of birth and last 4 digits of your social security number?
I would just need your date of birth also.
Great, let me just run this against the system
Great Dustin, you have been authenticated.
I will be able to reset your password and send you an email with instruction on how to proceed
OK you should receive the email within the next couple of minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number?
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
I will overnight a bookshelf to you.
You're welcome
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Oh, I see that you were actually delivered a 4-high book shelf. Have you started to assemble it yet?
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Oh okay. Upon further investigation I see you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
Yes. Absolutely. Have you started to assemble the one you have yet?
Okay. I'm sorry for the error. You can keep that bookshelf and I will send you out another one
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
hmmm, I see that we sent you out a 4-high bookshelf in error. have you started to assemble it yet?
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome
I can assist you with this. what's the order number?
I pulled up your account. Is it the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Hmmm, I see that we actually sent out a 4-high bookshelf.
have you started putting it together yet
Okay, I will have it overnighted and they will also pick up the 4-high.
Is there anything else I can assist youwith
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your order number
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry with FedEx and get it resolved as soon as possible
Someone from our team will get back to you by the end of the day
Is there anything else that I can assist you with
You're welcome. We'll get it resolved quickly
What is the cell number associated with the contract
Okay. I see the order. The customer name as Jose Alvarez. Is that you?
Sorry, please confirm that is not you
Okay. thank you for that information. I have suspended that number and will open a ticket for investigation
Please log on to fraudalert.com and sign on with that cell number. Once on, please confirm that this was not your order.
I'll wait.
Great. Someone from the fraud team will follow up with you
You're welcome.
I'm sorry that you're having this issue. What's your account number. I can assist you
thank you for that information
Have you tried rebooting your router
good. Let me know if that helps
Okay, that's GREAT! It's nice when things can get resolved quickly. Is there anything else that I can assist youwith
You're welcome.
Sure. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
For verification purposes please verify your address, your birth year and email
Okay, I have verified your information and set up a temp password. Please check your email for instructions to set up a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry about that. What's your order number
Let me look into this. Stand by
Okay. You ordered the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
hmmmm, I see that we actually sent you a 4-high. Since you already put it together you can keep that and we'll send out the 5-high overnight.
Can I help you with anything else
You are welcome. thanks
I'm sorry to hear this. what's your order number
I see that we did deliver it with no signature
I will open a ticket of inquiry. the team will reach out to you once it's resolved.
thank you. Have a great day
Sure. I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
Which table did you receive?
Okay. I see that yours was delivered to the address that the black one should have gone to. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will have it delivered by 7p this evening. Is that okay
You're welcome.
I'm sorry about this. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reset your router?
Great. I'm happy that it was resolved so quickly.
I noticed that there is a balance due on your account. Can I take care of that for you today?
okay , I will charge the $50 due to the card on file
It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
Yes, I'm happy to help. what's your cell number ?
Please standby as I review your account
Okay. I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try to put it thru again?
Okay, I sent it through but it was declined again. I have your card ending in 5698 and expiration as 2/15. do you have a new card?
Ok.
I've entered $150 on the new card. It worked. Is there anything else I can do for you today
You're welcome
You're service will be back up in about 10 minutew
minutes
I'm sorry to hear that. what's your order number
Please confirm that you ordered the 5-shelf bookshelf in Oak
I see. Hmmm, It seems that we sent you the wrong one. did you start putting that together yet?
Okay, great. I will overnight the correct shelf and the delivery company will pick up that one.
You're welcome.
Good afternoon. I'm happy to help. What's your new address
Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do service that area. I have the next appointment available on March 9th does that work
great. You're confirmed for march 9th between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
You're welcome. have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. What's your account number and username?
thank you for that information.
I see the order on March 1st. It was made with your username. The company doesn't offer refunds for online orders
Yes, I do see that you area long time customer. I will put a manager on with you. Please stand by
Hello Greg, I
I'm Jean. I see that you have a $100 charge on your account. You are a long time customer and frequently order from us. I will refund that money and offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Use code 10%
You're welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username. I have logged a ticket with our security team
You're welcome
Welcome. I'm happy to help you. What's your new address
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we so. the next appointment available is March 9th. Does that work
Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 8p on the 9th
Great. You're confirmed for March 9th . Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Hello. I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number and name of your event
Love them! Let me look up your account
I see the order but I see that you have two different tickets at the same price. One in row W seat 12 and one in row AA seat 4. Which one did you want
Okay, unfortunately we can't offer a refund of the other ticket. since it seems that you ordered it
Let me talk to my supervisor.
Hi, this is Jean. I see that you are a very loyal customer and use our site often. I can't refund the ticket but I can offer you a credit for the cost of that ticket
Great. I'm glad to see that we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a no fee ticket charge with your next purchase please use code 4598 when ordering
Great. Can I assist you with anything else
You're welcom
Okay.Welcome. What's our new address
Let me see if we service that area
yes we do. the next available appointment is March 10th between noon and 4p. Does that work
Are you still there
No problem. You are confirmed fo rMarch 10th.
Is there anything else I can help you with
thank you
Okay, I can help you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
I've brought up that account. It says the customer name is Jay Kennedy. Do you know that person?
Okay. I see. I have suspended that number and logged a ticket with our investigative department. They will reach out to you directly should they need more information
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to see you are having that issue. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your system
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage near by. They say that they will have it resolved within the hour.
By the way,I see that you are late making your payment . Can I take care of that for you today?
Okay. Thank you.
Welcome. I can help you with that. Please confirm your new address
That's okay, there are a lot of older homes in that area. Let me just confirm that we service that area as well
Yes, we do service that area. I have also confirmed that your home is not wired. There's an installation fee of $150. Is that okay?
Okay, we can have someone there on March 10th does that work
Great, the call time is between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help youw ith
have a great day
Welcome. I can help you. Please tell me your new addres
s
Okay, I see that there is no wiring in that home. There will be a one-time fee of $150 to install the wireing
I wish I could offer you that, but the installation is very involved. Let me see if I can offer you anything else. Standby
Okay, I can offer you free HBO for two months.
Great. The next appointment available is March 10th. Does that work
Okay. Please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help youwith
Okay Have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. let me see if there are any issues in your area
yes, I see that there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
Okay. I also see that you are overdue in making your March payment. Would you like to take care of that with me now?
yes, I can charge the $50 to the card on file ending in 5698
Great, it went through. Is there anything else I can help with
You're welcome
I can help you with this problem. What's your order number and name of event
Love her!! Let me review your order. Stand by
I see that there are two charges but that's because two seats were booked. Row W seat 4 and Row AA seat 12.
Which seat?
yes, that's the better seat. But, because you ordered both seats, I can't offer a refund for the second seat
I see that you are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything we can do
Okay. I can't refund that ticket but I can offer you a credit to use on your next order
Enjoy the concert!
No, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
That's great. I'm happy to see that it was easily resolved.
I see that you are overdue in making your march payment. Would you like to take care of that with me nwo
now
Great. I've charged your card ending in 6584 - $50. It went through \
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
great
I'm sorry to hear that I can help. what's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay let me see if there are any outages in the area
yes, there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
I see that you also have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that for you today
done. your card ending in 6998 has been charged $50. is there anything else I can assist with
You're welcome
I can help you with this. When did you last reboot?
Please try it now
Great. I see that you are overdue in making your March payment would you like to do that with me now
Done. Charged $50 to card ending in 5588
thank you
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
Let me check available flights
there are two flights one at 6p and one at 6p do either of those work
Okay your confirmed on the 6p. Please look in your inbox for your flight confirmation. I'll wait
Great. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
Let me check available flights
There are two departing flights tonight 6p and 8p. Do either of those work
Great. And because you're a Gold Charter member there's no extra fee. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation. I'll stand by
Great. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm sorry. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I see that you were in fact double billed. I'm sorry about that. I've credited your account but it may take up to a week to hit your card. I'd like to offer you two free light up toys. Please see your inbox for the coupon
have a great time!
Love John Legend! What's your order number?
I see that you ordered twice. Seats 13 and 14 in row W and Seats 15 and 16 in row AA
Unfortunately, because you ordered both, I can't refund the tickets
You are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
I can credit you the amount to use on your next purchase but I can't refund the money
Great. I'm glad you
are happy with that resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Hey Jose, I am sorry for this.
It was a pleasure helping you, Have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist. What's the order number and event name
Okay. I see that you ordered tickets for two different seat groupings. Row AA seats 13 and 14 and Row W seat 3 and 4
You are a loyal customer we don't give refunds but let me see what we can do
I can credit you that amount but I can't refund that money
You are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything I can do
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
I am back online.
Ok I have checked with my supervisor. Seem he is happy that we make the refund to you
One moment while I process the refund
Ok your credit cards has been refunded, the balance should be visible within the next 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you
I will try and get you out... what's your flight number?
Okay, we have a flight out of Hartford at 5p this evening. Does that work
Yes sir. Also, I see that you are a Platinum Member so I can upgrade you to first class for free.
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Ok your flights are booked, you should be receiving an email soon:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jose, I am sorry to hear this. Let me assist you with getting back home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with your flight number ?
Ok, one moment while I pull this flight details
OK I see you are in luck, that specific flight was also canceled due to the snow.
I will be able to book you a new return flight.
The next available flights at 6pm and 9pm
OK let me try book this for you.
OK I have two seats available, One is a window seat the other is on the ilse
Which would you like?
Great, one moment while I do this..
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
Ok, I wil standby.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Marie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the flight number which you missed?
One moment while I pull up this information.
OK, great news... it seems this flight was also canceled due to the weather.
As a result, I would be able to book you a new flight free of charge?
The next available flight is between 6pm and 9pm
Sorry I mean is at 6pm and 9pm
Great, let me book that for you...
Would a window seat work for you?
Great. One moment while I book this.
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
hello. Great. I got it and the ping
great
is there anything else I can help you with today
sorry. right
Good afternoon Matt. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me confirm that we service that area
Yes, we do offer service in your area.
The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
We are on the same page!
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th.
Is there anything else I can help you with todau?
today
You're welcome. Have a good rest of your day.
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Yes, I see that there is an outage nearby. I am told it should be resolved within the hour.
You're welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Okay. Thank you.
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. What's your order number?
Great. Let me take a look
I see that you were double billed. I will refund the second billing.
The refund should hit your account in two days
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert
So sorry that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you. What was your flight number?
Thank you. I see that you are in Boston. The next flights available are 7p tonight or 7a tomorrow morning. Do any of those work for you?
Great. As it turns out your current flight was also canceled so I can put you on this flight at no additional charge.
Please check your inbox for your flight confirmation. I will hold
Great. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome
Good morning Marideth. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Is there any apartment number?
Okay, Thank you for that information. Let me see if we can service your area.
Yes, we do service your area. The first available appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
It depends on the package that you choose. Please look online for what we offer and choose the best plan for you.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon for the service.
Okay, great I will update your information.
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, Did you see my previous posts?:
No Problem. Have a great day
You're welcome
Good morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
Thank you. Is there an apartment number?
Okay, great. Let me see if we service that area
Yes, we do service that area. The next appointment is March 9th. Does that work
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p?
Great. You are confirmed for installation on March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I do see that there is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I can credit you for the day but can't credit it you for the month. I see that you're on the premium plan - It will show the credit on your next bill.
You're welcome. Please contact us if you don't see the cable back on in the hour
Have a great dayh
Good Morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
We do service that area. The next appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you are having an issue. I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I'm sure he'll do his best! Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your order number
I see the order for the two tickets and see that you were double billed. I'm not sure but it may have been a keying error. I've credited back the extra payment. You should see the refund in two days
Thank you.
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. Which flight number and what is your departure city
I will see what I can do. Please stand by
I see two flights that will get you to Waikiki by 4p. There is one leaving at 9a and another at 11a. Which works for you
Great. You are confirmed for 11am flight W234. I also see that you are a Platinum Member with us. I can upgrade you for an additional $50. There is no fee for the regular change
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your email for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe flight
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Is there an apartment number?
Great. Let me see if we service that area
You are correct. There is no wiring. There will be a $125 installation charge. We can bill you over 3 months if that helps.
The earliest appointment is March 9th. Does that work?
okay. Would you like 9a to noon or 4p to 8p?
Okay. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Hi Bill. I'm sorry you had this issue. What's your order number and event name?
Thanks. I see the order and yes, unfortunately you were double billed. I apologize for that inconvenience.
Yes, you should see the refund in two days,
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcom
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, Please do that now and let me know if that works
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve the problem quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is the flight number you missed and what was your departure city
Okay, I see two flights leaving Aspen today. Would you prefer 11a or 2p
Okay. I also see that you are a Platinum Member. I can offer you an upgrade to First Class. Would you like to do that?
Great. You are all set. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I will wait.
Have a safe flight. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome
Okay. I
am sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says is should be resolved within the hour.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to pay that how with me over the phone?
Yes, there is a card on file. Please confirm that I can put through a charge for $50
Done. Your confirmation number is 65842264
You are welcome.
I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
Okay. I pulled up your order. It looks like you have two orders. There's one in Section G Row 15 seats 12 an 13 and one for Section B Row 12 seats 3 and 4.
Hmmm. Well since the order is on your account. I'm not sure what we can do. Please stand by
I see that you are a long standing customer on your site and that you order tickets often. I can't refund that money but I can credit that amount to a future order.
Thank you. It's hard for me to tell. You can text our site security department 18005556989 and perhaps they can confirm.
I can also offer you 20% off your next ticket order. Use code 20%
Please enjoy the discount. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
I've pulled up that order and see that you ordered the two tickets and that you were double billed. I apologize for that error and will credit your card on file for that amount.
You should see the refund in two days. And, because of this error we'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase. Please use code 20%
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day and enjoy the concert
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
What's the flight number you missed and the name of the passengers?
Sure. I'm looking now.
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
Great. I also see that you're a Platinum Member Flyer so there is no additional charge for the flight change.
You are confirmed on Flight 567 departing at 4pm today. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe Flight and thank you for choosing United
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
Okay, do you prefer aisle or window?
Are you still there?
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Have a safe flight and thank you for flying Delta
Good morning Penny, I'm happy to help. What's your new address?
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
I see that we do service your area. I also note that there are currently no cables installed at that address so we will need to do a full installation. The cost for that is $125. We can charge that across three billing statements if that helps.
I do see that you are a longstanding customer. Let me see what we can do
Okay. I can offer you HBO free for two months.
I'm glad that works for you. The first appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th, 2p - 6p.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning Rose. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's your order number?
I see that you order the round 42" Oak table. What did you receive?
Okay, Yes, I'm sorry about that. We will your table to you by the end of the day today. Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 6p
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
When did you last try that?
Please try it again while I'm on with you and let me know if that helps
That's great. I'm happy that is was easily resolved. Is the picture coming in clearly.
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
Okay, Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service that area
We do service that area. But, I see that there is no cable installed so we'll need to do a complete install. There is a charge of $125 to do that. We can bill you over three months. Does that work
Thank you. The first appointment is March 9th
Yes, between 9a and noon or 2p - 4p
Confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your cell number, I'm happy to take a look
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but unfortunately it was declines.
Yes, I'm happy to send the charge through on card ending 6587
Done. Your confirmation number is 522465
You're welcome
Sorry, My system went down \
I'm back up. What's your account number
Yes, have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if it helps
Okay. Let me see if there any issues in your area,
You're welcome
Sorry to hear that I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I see you ordered the Oak 42". What did you receive?
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
You're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number?
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I"m sorry about that. I've issued you the credit and you should see the refund in two days.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry about this. What's your order number"
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I can also offer you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it for you.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city
I see there are two flight. 2p and 4p. Do either of those work?
Confirmed. Please see your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold.
Great. Have a safe flight.
What is your order number? I can assist you
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I can also offer you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
You're welcome.
Yes, I can help. What's your new address?
Is there an apartment number?
Okay. I see that we service your area. The first available appt is March 9thj
Yes. 9a to noon.
Great. You are confirmed. You're welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city?
I see two good options. 2p direct or 4p with a connection through Ohio.Do either of those work for you?
You are confirmed. Please check you're inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
Great. Have a safe flight.
What's your account number"
} Have you tried rebooting the system?
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I can help you. What's you're order number'
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I have credited your account. You should see the refund in two days
You're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discoutn on your next purchase Use code 20%
Have a great Day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on the March 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try to put it through again?
Okay, I put it through. Stand by for confirmation
It went through. You're service should be back up withing 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Your confirmation number is 3214555
Hey Greg, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you. I am pulling up your information quickly.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes. I can do that. Stand by
It went through. confirmation number 412524
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Are you still there?
Okay, no problem.
Hey Rose, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number of the invoice?
Standby, while I pull up the information.
Ok, I see this contract is newly opened and it is indeed under your name. What I can do is suspend it while we make further investigation into how this happened
It has been suspended. The investigative team will reach out to you if they need more info.
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number
Okay I see the order and the double billing. I apologize for the inconvenience. I've credited your account and you should see it within two day
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day and enjoy the concert
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
Did you try rebooting the syste,
m
When did you last try it
Okay. Let me see there are any issues in your area
There is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I see the $100 charge. The company doesn't offer refunds but you're a long time customer. Let me see what we can do
Okay, I"ve been authorized to credit your account. I suggest you change y\our passwork and username
Okay. Have a great day. I'm having our site security team look into as well
You're welcome
What's our new address
sorry, your new address
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
I am here. We do service your area. The first appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Does March 9th between 9a and noon work for you
You are welcome
Hey Marie, let me assist you with this. One moment while I pull up your details.
Ah, I see you ordered a oak dinning table? From my understanding this is not the table you received?
Could you please just describe the table you received and also verify the delivery address?
O in that case the it seems the system is wrong. I am sorry for this. What I will need to do is schedule a pickup order and have them send you the correct table.
lets begin with the new order. One moment while I just verify stocks and soonest availability.
Great, it seems we have in stock and we will be able to get the table to you on Monday? Would this suite you?
Great what time will work for you ?
Ok, no problem. We will also pick up the other table at this time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case Marie, I hope you have a great day further.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Yes,. I'm happy to. Stand by
It went through. confirmation number 412524Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome,
I'm sorry to hear you missed you're flight. What was your flight number and departure city
Okay. I see that we have two options. 2p direct flight or 4p with a quick layover.
Okay. you are confirmed. Have a safe flight
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you're having this issue. What's your order number?
I see your order and see that you were double billed. I apologize for that. I've credited your account and you should see the refund in two day
s
YOU're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. pleas euse code 20%
You're welcome.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I see the order for $127. We have a no refund policy but you are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I can credit the amount. Please change your password and username. I have a ticket out to our site security team
You are welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's the cell number for that invoice
The customer on that account is John Smith. do you know who that is?
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation
They will contact you directly if they need more info
Is there anything I can help; you with?
You're welcome have a great day
Yes. What can I help you with?
I'm here. What can I assist you with today?
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What's your flight number and departure city
Okay. I see that there are two flight options. 2p and 4p today? Do either of those work for you?
Okay, would you like an aisle or window seat?
Okay. You are confirmed. It seems that your original flight was also canceled so there no additional charge
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. what's the cell number associated with the contract?
The phone is listed under the name John Smith. do you know this person?
Okay, I"ve suspended the number and opened a ticket with our investigation team
they will reach out to you if they need more info.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the account number?
I see the order. I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I can credit your order. You should see the refund in two day.
Yes. I apologize and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day. Oh, and please change your password and username.
Thank you for your patronage.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
If you go online now and up date it, I can wait and then get our service turned back on.
are you still there?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 9th does that work for you?
would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed. Would you like to upgrade your package to the premium package? If you do I can offer you two months of free HBO
Okay. Then is there anything else that I can help you with?
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's the cell number associate with that invoice?
Okay, The name on that account is John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket with the investigative team.
Yes. If they need more information, they will reach out to you directly.
You're welcome
I had sent you a note back but I don't think you got it.
Please update your payment on line and I can put the charge through now
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in the area.
There does seem to be an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. What
is the flight number you missed and the departure city?
Okay. There are two possible flight today from NY to San Diego. 2p which has a layover in Chicago and 4p which is a direct flight. Do either of those work for you?
Are you there?
Hey Mark, Let me assist you with this.
Were the ticket booked under your name?
Ah, good I have pulled up your records and it seems there was a double charge.
I do apologize for this.
I will be able to resolve this by refunding your credit card.
Okay. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%. Thank you for being such a loyal customer
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm certainly happy to assist you with this. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities?
Okay. Let me see what we have available.
We have two flights. One leaves at 2p with a layover in Houston and the other is direct at 4p. Do either of those work for you>
Great. You are confirmed the flight number is 6987. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Fantastic. Have a safe flight
You're welcome
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" table. What did you receive?
Okay. I apologize for that. I see where your table went and I can have it delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work for you
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I'm sorry that you are having that issue and I'm happy to assist you. What's our cell number?
Okay. I pulled up our account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure. Would you like me to use the same card on file. ending in 2526
The payment did go through. Confirmation number 3354851
Your service should be back on with in 10 minures. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Have a great day
Hey Bakr
I apologize, how long have you been waiting?
Bakr, this is werner. I apologize for this. Please feel free to submit the Hit, and just leave a note that we did not respond in sufficient time.
Hey Tori, I am sorry to hear about this. Le t me have a look what I can do to assist you.
Do yo know your account number or cellphone number associated with that account?
Great, I am pulling up your account details as we speak
I noticed that the address was changed just before the weekend? I assume all transaction post this is fraudulent?
I see it totals to $104
Let me just verify with my supervisor if we are allowed to refund this amount.
It seems the supervisor, recommends that we credit your account for this amount. Is this acceptable?
Great. I will credit your account
I will however need to force a password reset, to ensure the account becomes secure again
Thank you.
Ok you password reset has been issues.
Once it is reset, You will have access to your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your time. I hope you have a great day further.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Okay, let me pull up your account. It seems that you tried logging on too many times. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
Great. I'm glad I was able to quickly resolve this for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I see that you were locked out. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
I just sent you an email that will show you how to reset it.
Were you able to get in?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's the order number
I see that it was delivered. Was there a note on the door from the delivery company?
Yes and I see that it was signed for by James Smith. Do you know who that is?
Hmmm. Okay. Then I'll need to log a ticket with the delivery service so they can investigate. I will try and get it resolved quickly.
I'm sorry for this problem.
You're welcome
Absolutely, I'd be happy to assist you. What's the order numbre?
number
I see that it was delivered today and there is a signature. Do you know who James Smith is?
Okay. That's not good. I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry for the delivery company. I will get it resolved as soon as possible. If they can't help, I'll have a new modem sent to you.
Which do you prefer?
Okay, I will note that. Is there anything else I can do for you today
Okay. Have a great day
Good afternoon Lilly, I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number?
Let me look that up
Okay. I've created a temp password for you. Please check online for the instructions to create a new password.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
Sure, I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reboot your system.
Okay, great. I'm happy it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hey Jose, this is Werner. If possible would you mind please deleting the app and reinstalling it?
I do not believe you have done this and currently your old build is causing issues on our side
thank you
thank you for time
No problem:)
Chat to you soon
:)
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Thank you. For verification purposes, what's the last for digits of your social security number and zip code
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to reset a new password,
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you're having a problem. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your modem?
I'm sorry, I had a issue with my computer. I'm glad it was resolved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, have a great day
I"m sorry to hear there is a problem. What's your order number?
Sorry, My system went down for a moment. Let me look into this. Standby
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error. I will have another shipped overnight and put in a ticket of inquiry with the delivery department
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your account number?
Okay, thank you. I see we did deliver it in error. I will have another one sent as well as log a ticket with the delivery company
Yes, it will be overnighted to you. Sorry for the inconvenience
You're welcome have a great day
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
For verification please tell me the last four of your social security number and your zip code
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please look in your inbox for an email with instructions to create a new password,
Okay, good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
I'm sorry that you had this problem. What's your order number?
Thank you for that information. Did you order a 5-high oak bookshelf?
Okay. I will have another shelf overnighted to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
Okay standby a moment while I look up your account
I see that you currently have 10 active users. Does that sound correct to you?
Hmmm, I suggest that you change your password and your username.
did it help?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with.
You're welcome
Hello. I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
For verification please tell me the last 4 digits of your social security number and zip code
Great. I have reset your account with a temp password. Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to update your password.
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
Okay. I'm happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
I apologize for the inconvenience. If the delivery service has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
You're welcome. Have a great day
Yes, you've come to the correct department. What's your account number?
What is your account number?
have you tried rebooting your router
Great. I also see that you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct to you?
good idea. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome
I'm sorry you didn't receive the shelf. What's your order number?
Did you order the Oak 5- high bookshelf?
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Please check your inbox for delivery confirmation.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Okay - good bye
I'm sorry that you didn't receive all the pieces. What's your order number
I just need your order number
Thank you. Did you order the Oak 5-high Bookshelf?
Okay great. I will overnight the shelf, part VS445 to you.
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried to reboot your router.
I also see you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct?
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Great. It was added. That should help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Did you try and reboot your router
Okay, that's great. Also I notice that you have 10 active users, does that seem correct?
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Great. I have upgraded your order. Is there anything else i can assist you with today
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you Chris. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. The next appointment is March 9th, does that work ?
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th 9a to noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
I apologize for the error and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
I apologize for the error I will overnight a new shelf to you. and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your system"
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
I'm glad it worked. Happy to resolve it quickly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hello Sam, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your account number?
One moment while I pull up your account details.
OK I have your details in front of me and I see you have indeed been locked out. I will be able to assist you with this in no time.
I have reset your password to a temporary one. You'll receive instructions to set a new password via email shortly
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Hey Chris, I am sorry to hear this. Let me assist you.
Where these tickets purchased under your name?
OK I have your details in front of me, have a look...
having a look...
Please confirm your order number
Thank you. I see the order and I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error. I have credited that back to you. You should see the refund in two days
Because you're a longstanding Acme customer, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next event purchase. Please use code 20%
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. For verification, what's the zip code for the delivery
Thank you. I do see that it was delivered and that someone named James Smith signed for it. Do you know that person?
Okay. I will have to log a ticket with the delivery company. I will get this resolved as quickly as possible
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with for the moment?
Okay. Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. I'll be happy to assist you.
What was your flight number and departure and arrival cities
I can imagine. I do see two flights available 4pm with a one-hour layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
Okay great. I also noticed that your original flight had been canceled so there's no extra charge for the change.
Because you're a Platinum Member, I can upgrade your seat to First Class for $50. Would you like to do that
Very good. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation. I'll hold
Perfect. Have a safe flight.
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. what's the apartment number?
Okay, let me see if we offer service in your area
We do offer service. I noticed that the address doesn't have any cable hook up so we'll need to do an installation. The cost is $125, I can break that up in three monthly payments. Would you like me to proceed?
Are you still with me?
Thank you. The first available appointment is March 9th does that work?
Would you prefer morning or afternoon?
Okay, you are confirmed for March 9th from 2p to 6p. Please make sure someone is home at that time
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. I'm happy to look into this.What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please do that now and see if it workd
works
Great. I also noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Does that seem correct'
Okay, don't forget to reboot all your devices now that you rebooted the router .
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry your order wasn't complete. What's the order number?
Let me look that up.
did you order the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
Oh, it seems that we sent you the 4-high. did you already begin building it?
Okay, I will overnight the shelf to you.
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this issue for you. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Let me know if that works
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly for you
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's your order number?
Okay, let me pull it up and review it
I see that you ordered two tickets for two different nights. One set is for March 8th and one for March 10th.
We don't normally give refunds but you're a long standing customer so let me see if there's anything I can do
I will go ahead and cancel the 8th but can only give you a credit on your next purchase.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day and enjoy your event
I'm happy to assist you here. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
Yes, I see that it does. The cost for a full installation is $125.
Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Morning or afternoon
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
We do service your area. There is currently no cable connection there so it will be a full installation. The cost is $125.
No, it will be billed on your monthly statement. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Morning or afternoon"
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Have a great day
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
there is an installation fee of $125 because there is currently no wiring in that building. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Does afternoon work"
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
You're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I have two available flights. 6pm with a layover in Chicago and 8:30pm direct flight
Do either of those work for you
Great. Window or Aisle
Great. You're confirmed on flight 656 at 8:30pm. Please check your inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm Happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I pulled up your account and see that you live in the Miami area. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Yes, please reconnect with us if it doesn't get fixed. I also suggest you reboot your system.
You are welcome.
I can look into this for you. What's your account number?
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Yes, I will add the credti.
credit
You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else?
Have great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience, I will credit your account for the missed day
You're welcome. Is there anything else
You're welcome. Have a great day
What is your order number?
Okay, let me look that up
Which model did you receive"?
Okay. I see what happened to the order. I will have the correct table out to by the end of the day
Yes, they will pick it up when they drop off your correct one. I'd like to also send a table pad for the inconvenience
You're welcome.
Enjoy your new furniture
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
Let me see if we service your area
We do. I can have an installer out to you onMarch 10th does that work?
Does afternoon work
Let's do the morning then just in case. 9a to noon?
Great. You are confirmed.
Have a great day
I will be happy to look into this. What's your order number?
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Enjoy the concert
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Absolutely. I apologize for the error.
Because you're such a loyal customer, I'd like to offer you 20% off your next purchase please use code 20%.
Enjoy the concer
concert
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I have two options. One at 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8p. Which do you prefer
Okay, I have an aisle bulkhead seat. Does that work?
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 8p
Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 6
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
I'm sure you do. You're all set. confirmation number is 5544595. Flight 965
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Unplug it at the wall, wait a few seconds and plug it back in
Great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve the problem quickly. Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50. Would you like to upgrade
Perfect. I charged it to the card on file. Your confirmation # is KD5432558. Flight # 963
You're welcome. Have a safe flight'
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address
What apartment number?
Thank you for that information. let me see if we service your area
Yes, we are in your area. There is a $125 installation fee.
We have March 10th available for install does that owrk
woprk
work
Great, Afternoon or morning
Okay, you are confirmed. March 10th. Please make sure someone is home between 2p and 6p
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcom
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Okay, I see that you ordered two tickets but in two different parts of the theatre. Row AA seats 12 and 13 and Row G seats 3and 4
Okay, Unfortunately we don't offer refunds for ticket purchases.
I do see that you are a very loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
I can offer a credit on your next purchaser but I can't offer a refund. If you think it was our error, you can reach out to our Site Security team and place a complaint 1800-555-1233
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
enjoy your concer
Enjoy your concert
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your confirmation number
I see that there are two flights one at 6p direct and 8p with a brief layover in Chicago
Okay. You are confirmed at 6pm. Confirmation number 9658VX. Flight number 963. I've put you in an aisle seat.
Have a safe flight.
Hey Kendall, Let me try to assist you.
Have you tried to restart you system?
Could you please try to do that quickly?
I will standby while you do this.
Great, sometime there is a syncing problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are you unable to read my messages? If so try closing the app and restarting.
Have a great day further.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this
I have credited your account and you will see the refund in two day
days
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Thank you for that information. To verify your identity please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zip code
Thanks
I reset your account with a temporary password. Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Okay, let me know when you've reset
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number?
To verify your identity, what's your zip code?
Thanks for that information. I have two available flights. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct. Do either of those work
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
Done. I've charged your account on file. confirmation # 69141GE. Flight number 963
Sure! Have a safe flight
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number
For verification what is the last four digits of your Social and your zipcode
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temp password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Perfect. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me research this
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith. do you know who that is?
Hmmm, okay. I'll have to log a ticket with the delivery service. I hope to get this resolved quickly. I will follow up with you tomorrow.
Yes.
Is the phone number you have on file ending in 3336 the best to reach you?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Thanks. For verification please tell me the last 4 of your social and your zipcode
thanks. I reset your account with temporary password. check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
Hi. Sorry, my system is slow
What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting our system?
Unplug the cord from the outlet, wait a few secs and plug it back in.
Fantastic. I'm glad it worked. I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that with you now
That's perfectly fine .Is there anything else I can do for you
You're welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith. do you know who that is?
Okay, I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service. I'll try and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
I will be in touch tomorrow. Is the phone ending in 6647 the best to reach you at?
Okay. Thanks for your understanding while we resolve this issue.
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
Let me see if we service your area
Yes, we do. Let me see if we service your area
We do. There
is an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
No, but I can offer you 2 months free HBO
Great. Is March 10th okay for install
morning or afternoon
Okay, you're confirmed for March 10. Please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon
Great Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
I pulled up your account. I see you made a payment on March 1st but it was declind
declined
I can do that for you if you like
Thank you. I've charged that card and it was accepted. You should be at full speed in 10 minutes
Have a great night
I can look into this for you. What's your order number and event name
Great. Love them! let me research thiks
this
I see the error and will refund that charge. it should hit your account in two day
day
s
No. thank you for your understanding
I'm sorry to hear this. What's your order number so I can research it
I see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. We well overnight a new one and open a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service
Yes, we will overnight it to you.
Is there anything else? I will follow up to let you know how it was resolved as well.
You're welcome
I'm happy to look into this. what's your account number
Have you tried rebooting your router
Let me look at your history.
It appears that you have 10 active users. Are you aware of theat
that
I suggest that you change your password and username and reboot all your devices
Oh boy! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Thank you. Let me see if we service that area
We do. Thereis an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
I can add it to the bill. Would you like to split it across three months?
March 10th. morning of afternoon
You are confirmed. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon
You're welcome
I'm sorry you had this issue. What's the order number
Is it the Oak 5-shelf?
Hmmmm, it seems that we sent you the 4-shelf model. Since you already started to put it together, please keep that one and we
will overnight the 50shefl
shelf
Is there anything else I can do for you
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the router
yes
Great. I also see that you currently have 10 active users are you aware of that?
I suggest you change your password and username
Have a great day
I'm sorry, my system froze. What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
When was the last time you tried?
Okay, let me see if there's an issue in our area
There is an outage nearby. It should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great day
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What's your confirmation number
For verification, what is your zipcode
I see there are two flight options. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct
Since you are a platinum member, there is no charge for the change
Perfect, window or aisle
Great. You are all set. confirmation 5444555RW. Flight 567
Sure. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
You're welcome.
'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
We like to make right by our mistakes
Anything else i can do?
Enjoy!
I am happy to look into this. What's your order number
For verification what is the event name and your zipcode
Thank you. let me pull that up
I see that you were double booked. I have credited your account. you should see the refund in two day
days
Is there anything else I can do
Have a great night
I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
Okay, what's the last four digits of your phone associated with this account
Let me research this
I have reset your account with temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to set up a new one
Very good, Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome. Would you like me to take care of that for you with the card you have on file?
Okay. Have a great night
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight What's your confirmation number
For verification. what is the flight number and your zipcode
I see two options for you. 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 11p.
Thank you. Since you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no charge for this change
Have a safe flight
I can look into this for you. What's your account numer
number
Did you try rebooting your router
Okay, I reviewed your account. Are you aware that you have 10 active users?
I strongly suggest that you reset your password. Then reboot all your devices
Is there anything else I can do for you
Please do that. We may need to send someone out to work directly on your equipment
Okay, let us know. Have a good night
I can help you with this. What's your account number
For verification, please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zipcode
Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great night
I can help. What's your order number
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I need to resolve the issue, The order states to get a signature
That'
is why we are overnighting you another one.
You are welcome. Have a great night
I can assist you. What's the order number
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
Thank you for understanding. Is there anything else I can help you with
Have a great night
I can look into this. what's our account number
did you reboot the router
There are currently 10 active users. Did you know that
I see your router has WPS enabled
that only uses a security code which is 8 digits long
I would recommend you change your password and also deactivate that
Do you require assistance in doing this?
Would you like me to stay online while you do this? If not is there anything else I can assist you with?
thank you, I hope you have a great day further.
I am sorry about this.
Let me pull up your order quickly
Ah, I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookcase?
is this true?
I understand. I have looked on the system and we have an extra shelf to send you.
I have instructed our factory to do so. This will be free of charge.
Considering that it is out fault and you like book, could I offer you a book to help fill the bookcase?
Which book would you like?
Fire starter is one of my favorite books. I have places an order and it should also be arriving with the shelf.
It was a pleasure helping you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case thank you for your time, I hope you have a great day further.
Good morning John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Okay, yes, we can. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Great. Morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Let me see if we service that area
The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you
Morning or afternoon
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th. A technician will be there between 9a and noon
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Thank you. Is there an apartment number?
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes we do. The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you?
No, there is cabling installed. Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. Between noon and 2p
You're welcome
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thanks. Let me confirm that we service your area
Yes, we do. The next appointment date is March 12th. Does that work for you
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. - Morning or Afternoon
Okay, please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome
I can assist. What's your account number
Thank you. Did you try rebooting your system
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
I can assist. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Thank you. Have a great day
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
Thank you, you too.
I can help you. What's your account number
Okay, have you tried rebooting the system
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes, there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hor
hour
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Have a great day
Good morning, Wes. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Let me see we service your area
We do, the next available appointment is March 12th.
Morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else i an assist yo uwith
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
What's your order number
Okay, let me pull up your order
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Enjoy your concert!
'I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Enjoy your concert
I'm happy to assist you. what's your order number and event name
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
You are welcome. Enjoy the concert
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
thank you. For verification purposes, what are the last names of the passengers
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 698 at 11a
Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
Did you try rebooting the system?
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
I see there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything I can assist with
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are a VIP Flyer so there are no extra charges. Have a safe flight
You are confirmed on flight. 458. Departing Salt Lake City at 2pm.
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 365
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I
am sorry you missed your flight. What
is your flight number and last name
thank you.Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Great. You are confirmed on flight 965
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number and event name
I reviewed your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that amount and you should see the Refund in two days.
Very Good, Enjoy the concert
I 'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
we do service your area and can have someone out to you on march12th. Does that work
Great. Morning or afternoon
you are confirmed between 9a and 11a. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
have a great day
i sorry to hear that. What your account number
I'm sorry...
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
have you tried rebooting the system
Very good. I'll stand by
fantastic. Is there anything else i can help you with today
You're welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
Yes, It is serviceable. And, you're correct. It's not wired. The cost of a full installation is $125. I can bill that in three payments if that helps
The next available date is March 12th. Does that work
Okay, you are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
you're welcome have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
I'm sorry, my error. There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
is there anything else i can assist you with today
you are welcome. Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number
What is the event name?
Great, thanks. Let me look into that
it does show a double billing though it shows two tickets purchased for march 13th at 8pm one is for seat 14 row aa and the other is seat 8 in row w
Ok. I see that we did charge you the other in error. I will refund the other amount.
you should see the credit within two days
you are welcome,'have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that what is your order number
And the event name please
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
I do see that you were double billed. I will credit that  amount and you should see the refund in two day
have a great day
i sorry to hear that, what is your flight number and last name
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Okay. I see that we have two options for you. Today at 2p. with a layover or 3:30p direct
very good and i see that you a platinum member thank you we will not charge you any additional fee
You're welcome.
have a safe flight
I'm sorry to hear that
what is your flight number and departure city
For verification, what is your last name and zip code
I see that we have two flight options. Today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct
Yes, I have confirmed this for you. Flight number 654.
Please check
please check your email now for the flight information
fantastic,  have a safe flight
I can assist you with this.
what is your order number
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I'm sorry this happened.
let me look into this for you
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
thank you, have a great day
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I'm sorry to hear that. I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
You are welcome.
i can assist you with this.
what is your order number
i can assist you with this
What table did you receive?
Okay.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Yes, it will be picked up when the other is dropped off
Thank  you, have a great day.
Thanks
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
I see you ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you recevie
receive
I'm sorry that happened.
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
day
I will be happy to assist you. What's your cell number
Thank you for that information. Let me look into this for you
It appears that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Sure, please go online now and update the information. I can stand by and then put the payment through for you
Great, I'll put the charge through now, stand by
Yes, it went through.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm sorry to here that. What is your cell number?
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
would you like me to put the payment through for you againg?
I put it
through again and it worked this time.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this.
what is your cell number
i am sorry to hear that.
It appears that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Yes, I can, please stand by
Okay, it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
You're welcome
Within 10  minutes
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Sorry, order number
I see your ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I see the error and I can have your table delivered by the end of the day today.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Okay.
I've been authorized to offer you the full refund.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Have a great day
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the charge. Unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
I am authorized to credit the full amount. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order
Great. I'm happy we were able to resolve this
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I can assist you with this. What is your cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Sure, I'm happy to run it again
Okay, I ran it again and it went through.
your account should be active within the next 10min
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem, what is you cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
If you think you have the funds, I can run it again
I just ran it again and it worked this time
is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
i see the charge unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Yes, we can refund the entire amount
I would also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next ored
order
Thank you for your patronage.
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number
I have found the error in the deliver.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Yes, they will pick it up when they deliver the new one
Is
is there anything else i can assist you with
You are welcome
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the cell number associated with the contract.
I see that the contract is for someone named John  Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay.
i have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation
If there are any questions or further information needed, the security team will reach out to you.
You are welcoem
welcome
i sorry to hear that, what is your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
Yes, you are.
Let me if there is anything we can do
my supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20 discount on your next order
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
i can assist you with this. What's your cell number?
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you again
I tried it again and it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
You should have service within 10 minutes
Have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had an issue.
What's your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
I've been authorized to give you the refund
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on a future order.
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
I pulled up the account and see that the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay, I've suspended that number.
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry. You don't have to pay anything. If the investigative team has any questions, they will reach out to you.
You are welcome. Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
The contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
Okay.
We have suspended the account
the investigation process normally is complete within 24hours if we are unable to resolve this we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Sorry... If there's any other information the investigative team will reach out to you.
Have a great day
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I see that you are very loyal customers, the company doesn't normally give refunds on online orders but let me speak to my supervisor.
I have been authorized to refund the full amount.
I strongly suggest that  you change your password and user name.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you're welcome, have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
thank you for that information, give me a moment to look into it
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Thank  you. Have a great day
Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number on the invoice?
Let me quickly pull up your records
The contract name is John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay, I've suspended the number.
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry with our security team. They will reach out to you directly should they need any other information
is there anything else i can help you with today
Are you struggling to see thing? That you are re sending the messages?
This is known bug, We still in the process of fixing it. Please for now just complete close the app and restart it.
Okay great.
No problem
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number?
for verification please provide the last 4 numbers of your social security number and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I have created a temporary password.
You will receive instructions via email to reset it.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
you welcome, have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I see you ordered the 42" round Oak table. What did you receive?
Okay, I see where we made the error. I can have a table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you
I'm happy we were able to resolve that issue. They will take the wrong table back with them.
is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
for verification please provide the last four digits of your SS# and email
I have set up a temporary password. You will receive instructions to set a new password up shortly.
Great.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to Help you with this. What's the order number
for verification please provide the last 4 digits of your SS# and date of birth
Thank you. I see that it was delivered in error. We will have a new one overnighted.
you are welcome.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
Okay, I have set a new temporary password.
You will receive an email with instructions to reset it
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this.
what is your cell number
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
would you like me to put the payment through for you?
Okay, I did it and it went through. Your confirmation # is 9545585.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I'm am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see that they did deliver it in error. I can have another one overnighted to you.
Okay. I will have put that request through. Is there anything else I can help you with
Yes, that's correct.
have a great day
I can help you with this. What's your account number
Let me look into this for you.
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes, I see there's an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hours
hour
you are welcome is there anything else i can do
Okay great. Have a good dayh
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
I Have set up a temporary password. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it.
have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue What's your account number
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
you are a loyal customer so i am authorized to credit your account the 100
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I can help you with this. What's  your account number
for verification please provide your  birth and email
Thanks.
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
Great.
is there anything else i can assist you with
you are welcome
I can help you with this. What's your account number
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem
what is your account number
have you tried rebooting the system if not do so now
Okay, that's great. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome, have a great day
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's your order number?
i do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door i will open a ticket for further investigation.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
You ordered the oak 5- shelf bookshelf?
Okay. I will overnight a shelf to you. I apologize for the inconvenience.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' the order number?
Okay. Thanks.
please stand by while i research this
i see that we did deliver it in error,  i will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou
I will also overnight a new modem to you
grea, is there anything else i can help you with
have a great day
i can assist you with this problem
What's  your account number
have you tried restarting your system
Okay. I see that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
is there anything else i can help you with today
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number?
i see that we did deliver it in error, I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact you if they need any information.
I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
You are welcome. And, sorry for any inconvenience.
Have a great day
i am sorry for the inconvenience. What's your order number?
Okay, I will have a shelf overnighted to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's  your order number
I see they delivered it without the signature in error.
I will overnight another modem to you.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience
Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience.
have a great day
have a great day
What's the cell number associated with the contract'
I see the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
If the security team has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
What's your account number. I will be happy to look into this for you.
have you tried restarting your system
Please try that first.
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
What's your order number? I'll be happy to look into this for you.
I see that we actually sent you a 4-high book shelf. Have you started building it yet?
Okay. You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-high
sorry for any inconvenience,  is there anything else i can assist you with
have a great day
you are welcome
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, let me pull up your account
i see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem. are you aware of that?
Okay, you may want to upgrade to 5x speed to help with the overall speed of  your internet.
Great. I will update your account. The charge is $9.95 amonth. Do you approve this?
You are all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order nubmer
number
Okay, I see that you ordered the 5-high Bookshelf in oak.
Hmmm, it appears that we sent you out the 4-high. Since you already started build that one, please keep it and we'll overnight the 5-high to you
Great and I apologize for the inconvenience.
is there anything else i can help you with today
okay, have a great day
Sure. I'll be happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
have you tried restarting your system
Okay, I will stand by
Okay, great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve it quickly.
you are welcome
is there anything else i can help you with today
you are welcome
have a great day
I'm sorry about that. I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number?
I see you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf
hmmm, it appears that we sent you the 4-high. Did you start building it yet?
Okay. You can keep that one and I will overnight the the 5-high to you.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Is
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
thank  you.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak shelf
I will over night the shelf to you.
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
have a great day
Thank you.
I'm happy to assist here. What's your new address?
is there an apartment number
Great, let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Okay. You are confirmed for March 12th and the technician will be there between 2p and 6p
you welcome,  have a great day
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you. When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
let me look on the system if i there are any reported issues
i see there was a technical error reported we have sent out a technician
Would you like mt to contact the technician to see how long it will take to solve the problem?
Thank you for your patience. We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address.
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do and you are correct. That building doesn't currently have wiring so you'll need to have a full installation. The install fee is $125.
The next available day is March 12th. Does that work for you ?
Morning or afternoon?
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
have a great day
Sure, I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
It is. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work?
Great, morning or afternoon?
Very Good. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you area is serviceable,standby.
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
Morning or afternoon?
Very good, you are confirmed for March 12th. The technician should be there between 1pm and 4pm
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number?
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Please try that and let me know if it works
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that.
I can definitely help you with this issue.
When did the problem begin?
Have you had tried restarting your cable box?
Okay. Let me look to see if there are any reported technical issues with our system right now.
I am seeing here that our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have the maintenance completed by this evening.
Feel free to contact us if the issue isn't resolved by then.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a nice day.
I'm happy to look into that for you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me review the order. Stand by
I see that we did double bill you. I apologize for the error. I have corrected it and you should see the refund in two days.
Thank you for your patronage. Because of our error we would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks. Have a great day.
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the full name that the ticket order was placed under?
Okay, I am seeing that double charge.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will authorize a refund now.
You should see the refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Have a good day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's  your order number?
I see the order and see that you have two seats in Row W - seats 12 and 13 and Row AA seats 4 and 5.
Which Row did you order?
Okay, Let me see if there's anything I can do about the other tickets.
I can give you a credit for the price of the other tickets but I can give you a refund.
Great. I will put a credit for $100 on your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day>
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any problems in your area.
I see there is an outage nearby. The technician says is should be resolved in the next hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
Do you have your confirmation number for the flight you missed?
I see your reservation. I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or on flight 65 tomorrow at 12:30pm.
Which do you prefer?
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
We will not be charging you for the rebooking.
I will send you a confirmation using the same email you booked the original flight with. Is that okay?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Dan, thanks for contacting us.
Would you please provide me with your new address details?
Thanks. I have gone ahead and updated your billing address.
And, good news, we do provide service at your new location.
Sure. Does Thursday between 12-4pm work?
And, just to confirm, you will be home during that time, correct?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! Have a great day!
Good afternoon John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Okay, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th, does that work for you?
Okay, How is March 21st?
Okay, I can have a technician there on March 26th. Morning or afternoo?
You are confirmed for March 26th. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great day.
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that you missed the flight.
Would you please provide me with your original confirmation number for your missed flight?
Okay, I see that reservation in our system.
I can re-book you on flight 65 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 tomorrow at 4pm? Which do you prefer?
Okay, great. And, I see you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will be re-booking you free of charge.
A confirmation email will be sent to you using the email address on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
Thank you. I have two options 4pm or 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Great. You are confirmed on flight 632. Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
Have a safe flight.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you provide me with the confirmation number for your transaction?
I am pulling up the details of your order now.
I see the double charge on your account. I am refunding the card on file right now.
You should see the refund within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
Great. If you experience the issue again, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
We do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
I'm sorry.
have you tried restarting your system
Let me know if that works.
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi John, I'd be happy to help you out today.
Would you please provide me with your confirmation number for the missed flight?
Thanks.
It looks like I can put you on flight 32, leaving tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 53, leaving tomorrow afternoon at 5pm.
Which flight do you prefer?
Excuse me as I forgot to mention that there are no available flights out for the rest of today. I do apologize.
Hi John, are you still there?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' your order number and event name?
thank you for that information. Let me look into this. Stand by
I see that we did bill you twice. I will have the double bill refunded to you. You should see the credit within the next two days.
Yes. I also see that you are a very loyal customer and order tickets off this site often. Because this was our error, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount off your next order. Please use code 20%.
I'm happy that I was able to resolve this for you. Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Enjoy your show!
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you please provide with the confirmation number from your order?
Thanks.
Okay, bear with me as I pull up your order details.
I am seeing here that we did indeed charge you twice. I'm very sorry about that.
I will go ahead and refund the card that was made to use the original purchase.
You should see the refund on your statement within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Good afternoon, Greg. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Morning or afternoon?
You are confirmed for March 12th. Please have someone available between 2p and 6p.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
I see that are two options 3pm and 8pm
Sure I confirm you at 8pm. Flight 655.
I'm happy we were able to get you a flight. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation.
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi John, I am happy to assist you today.
Sorry to hear that you missed your flight. Let me look into rebooking you as soon as possible.
I completely understand.
I can re-book you on a flight this evening, leaving Denver at 6:45pm. Does that work with your schedule?
And, I see that you are gold member. Thank you for your loyalty. I will be re-booking you at no charge.
A confirmation email will be sent to you with the email address we have on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
Thanks for that information.
have you tried restarting your system
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Riley, I can assist you with getting back into your account.
Which username were you using?
Please provide the full name, date of birth, and email account associated with the account for verification purposes.
Thank you. I have issued a password reset via email.
You should be receiving that email soon. It will have instructions regarding resetting your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to see there is this issue. I'm happy to assist you. What's the order number?
Let me take a look at the order.
I see that you were double billed,  I will credit your account.  You should see the credit in two days.
I apologize for the error and inconvenience.
Have a great day.
Hi CJ, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is your username for the account?
Would you provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email address associated with the account for verification puproses?
Thanks. I have reset your password in our system.
You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's the order number?
Thank  you for that information. Let me take a look. Standby.
i see that it was delivered in error i will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.  In the meantime, I will overnight you a new modem.
i apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the flight number and last name?
Thanks. I have two options. 6p today with a layover and 8p direct. Do any of those work for you>
No problem. You are confirmed for 8pm flight 695.
please check your email now for the flight information
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
I'm happy to look into this for  you. What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me look into this for you.
I see that the person who signed for it was John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I will overnight you a new modem. I will log a ticket for inquiry with the delivery company.
Sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Riley, I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the speed problem begin?
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password on modem/router?
Okay, give me a minute while I pull status information from your device.
It looks like there are over 10 active users logged on to your internet account.
I will send you an email now with instructions on how to set a password.
If you still experience problems after setting a password, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
Would you please provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email account so that I can verify your account?
Do you remember your unique pin code that you use to set up the account?
Great. I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email with instruction on how to create a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak Bookshelf?
It seems that we sent out the 4-high to you. Since you already started putting it together, you can keep that one and we''l overnight the correct one.
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Hi CJ, I would be happy to help you out today.
I'm sorry you are experiencing trouble with your service.
Have you tried resetting your modem yet?
Alright, let me pull up the status information from your modem quickly.
It looks like 10 other users are currently using your modem for an internet connection.
I just sent you an email with instructions on how to set/reset a password for your router.
If that solution does not improve your internet speed, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your order number?
Okay, let me take a look.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
Nothing. I will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company..
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi CJ, I am sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to resolve this issue with you.
Let me pull up the details of your order now.
Just to confirm, you ordered 1 oak bookshelf?
I will send over a replacement shelf for the one that is missing.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to buy you a book to help fill the bookshelf.
Which book would you like sent over?
You got it! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf, and you should be receiving both of those items shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
My apologies again for the missing shelf. Have a great day!
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
What is the username associated with the account?
And, for verification purposes, please provide the pin password for that username.
Great. I have just reset your password.
You will receive an email shortly on how to change it.
Is there anything else  can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Okay, please hold while I pull up the status information on your modem.
It appears that 10+ users are using your modem right now.
I am going to go ahead and reset  your password.
Please stand by for an email on how to proceed.
Did changing your password resolve your speed issues?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent, other than that is was delivered.
Please verify the delivery address for me?
I understand. I am going to open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
The investigation process takes about 24 hours.
If you don't hear back from us by tomorrow night, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your bookshelf is missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send over a free book for your troubles.
Which book would you like?
Yes, we do. I'll have that book sent over along with the shelf.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Will, I can help you resolve this issue.
I understand. What is the username associated with the account?
Thanks. Would you please provide the pin code use chose when signing up for the online account?
Great. I have reset your password. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Your welcome! Have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
thank you for that information
to verify your identity please tell me your email address and zip code
Okay. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am happy to look into this for  you.
What's your order number?
Thank you. Let me see what the issue was.
I see that was delivered and left in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
is there anything else i can help you with today
have a great day
Hi Will, I'd be happy to look into this matter for you.
Would you please verify the delivery address?
Okay, I'm seeing that the package was indeed left at the door, as you were informed earlier.
I'm going to go head and open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
The investigation process usually takes 24 hours.
If you have not heard from us in the next day or so, please follow up with a service representative.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
Again, my sincere apologies. Have a nice day.
Sure. I'm happy to help.
What's your account number
Thank  you.
have you tried restarting your system
I am happy to have it easily resolved.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
No, that's okay. Let me look up the status information on your modem.
When was the last time you changed your password for the router you're using?
I'm seeing 10+ users logged on to your connection.
I will send you an email shortly with instructions on how to set your password.
If, after setting your password, the speed issues continue, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a nice day!
i can assist you with this. What's your account number?
have you tried rebooting the system
You can try. It may.
did that help?
Great. BTW - I took a look at your account and see that there area currently 10 active users. Did you know this?
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Very good. Is there any else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you out with this issue.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order now.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I'm going to go ahead and place an order for a replacement shelf that should arrive shortly.
I'd also like to send over a book of your choice for the trouble you've incurred.
Please let me know which book you'd like?
You got it. The shelf and the book are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Sure, I'm happy to look into this. What' s yhour account number?
Thanks.
to verify your identity please tell me your email and zip code
thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Look in your inbox for instrucions to reset.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now?
Okay. I'm putting $150 on your card associated with the bill.
You are welcome.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that. Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see here that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Okay, I've just put an order for a replacement middle shelf.
For the inconvenience, I'd also like to include a book of your choice. Which book should we send over?
You got it! The shelf and book should arrive next week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry about the missing shelf. Have a nice day!
Hi Will, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf. Please hold while I look up the details of your order.
Thanks for that info.
I will place an order for a replacement shelf now.
I'd also like to include a book of your choice with that order for the inconvenience.
You got it! The shelf and the book are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice dayQ
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's the order number?
thank you for that information. let me look into that.
I see that it was inadvertently sent to you and left without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
I've also logged a ticket with the delivery service to stop this from happening again.
sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you witl?
with?
have a great day
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing issues.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you received the incorrect table.
Can you describe the table you received?
Did the shipping label on the front of the box match your address?
Okay, no problem.
I'm going to replace the table for you.
We will deliver the correct table, and pick up the incorrect one at the same time. What day/time is convenient for you?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Matt, I'm happy to help you resolve this issue. Sorry that you case is missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your order in the system.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookcase, is that correct?
Great. A new shelf is on its way.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice with the order.
Which book would you like?
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will arrive to your shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Sure, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your order number?
Okay, I see that you ordered the Round 42" Oak dining table. What did you receive?
I found your table. I will have it to you by the end of the day.  Does that work for you?
Great. I'm happy we are able to resolve this issue quickly. They will take the table away when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day>
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to get to the bottom of this issue for you.
Would you please verify your cell number?
Thanks. Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see that your last payment on the account was declined by  the bank.
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
It looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be active within 10 minues.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a nice day!
I'm sorry you're having that issue. What is your cell number?
thank you. Let me take a look.
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try and put it through again against the card on file?
Stand by
Okay, I put it through and it was accepted. Your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. I am happy to help resolve this issue for you.
Did the delivery address on the shipping label match your address?
Okay. I can have the correct table sent out tomorrow for you, and I'll be happy to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
What day/time is convenient for you for the pick up?
Great. I will schedule that in our system now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi Tim, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
Although it's our policy not to refund accounts, I think we can help you today.
My supervisor has just authorized me to refund your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. What is  your cell number?
Thank  you. Let me take a look.
Oh, I see that you made a payment on March 5th but it was declined. That's why your service was shut off.
Yes, I put it through again with the card on file.
it went through this time. You're  confirmation is4590305304
You too.
Hi Matt, I'd be happy to help you today.
Please provide with your new address.
Thanks. I have updated the system with your new address.
It looks like your address is serviceable.
Can we do installation Wednesday between 12-4pm?
Great. Someone will be home during that time?
We'll see you Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I'm sorry to hear that. What  is your order number
Okay. I see that you ordered the 42" round oak table. What did you receive?
Okay. I see the error in the delivery address. I can have it there for you by the end of the day, does that work for you?
Great. They will also pick up the other table. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out with this today.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
While it is our policy not to refund accounts, I think I can help you with this today.
My supervisor just authorized me to credit your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Tim, I'd be happy to help you with this.
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
I have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation.
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts?
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
We hope to have this resolved soon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay. Thanks for letting us know. Have a great day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number
Thanks! I do see the charge.  You are such a loyal customer, I will credit yhour account.
Of course. Thanks for your patronage.
You too.
I can look into this for you. What's your account.
have you tried restarting your system
yes, please do. I'll stand by
Fantastic. I'm glad that we were able to resolve this quickly.
I see that  you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now with me?
I have put through the payment and it was accepted. Your confirmation # is 5454623879
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day>
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Would you please verify your cell phone number?
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Is it okay if I try and run your card again?
Okay, the payment just went through.
Your cell service should be back up within 10 mins.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Alright. Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the contract?
Sorry Somesh, not your number, but the one on the contract that you didn't open.
Okay, I have suspended the account for the contract you didn't open.
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts from this fraudulent contract?
I have created a ticket to further investigate this issue.
Someone from our company will contact you if we require more information on your end.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a great day!
what is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay, I will take a look...
I see the contract was assigned to Jose Coppola. You didn't authorize this?
please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Okay. Let me research this...
I see calls made from the town associate with your name but since you said that it is not yours, I will suspend the number.
i will also open an investigation into the matter which the fraud department will be handling they will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
You're welcome. Have... a... great... day!
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Please provide the confirmation number for your order.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Please verify the name on the order.
I do see that you were double charged. Again, I apologize for this.
I am going to go ahead and refund the credit card we have on file.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to look into this for  you What's  your account number
Okay, let me take a look.
i see the charge,  unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
I do see that you are very loyal customers. I will speak to my supervisor.
I am authorized to give you the full refund.
Also, we see that there has been a breach to our system. Our site security team is on it. I suggest that you change your password and username.
Because of this we'd also like to offer  you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code. 20%. Is there anything else I can help you With?
You are welcome. have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
Okay great... stand by
I see two options. One at 4pm with a layover and one at 6:30 direct. Do either of those work for you?
Great. You are confirmed on flight 348 at 6:30. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice your received?
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct>?
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended the account.
I'm also creating a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you seen any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That is a good idea.
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" dining table. What did you receive?
Okay,I'm sorry that you had this issue. Let me look into this.
I see what happened and apologize for the inconvenience. I will have the table to you by the end of the day
They will also pick up the table you have there now.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
Sure, I can help. What's your account number?
to verify your identity please tell me your favorite color and answer the security question - what was the name of your best friend growing up.
Thank you for that information. I have reset the account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with the details to reset it.
Okay great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your phone number for me?
Thanks. I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Sure. Let me try now.
Alright. It looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for the inconvenience, and have a nice day!
I am happy to assist  you. What's the order number"
Okay, let me take a look, please stand by
i see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. i will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
there was no signature the Delivery person left it at the door.
The delivery company knows to make sure someone is there to sign for it.
Have a good evening.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your  business!
Although we don't usually refund accounts per company policy, I believe we can help you out today.
My supervisor has just authorized a refund for $100.
You should see that refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry for the trouble. Have a great day!
yes, I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number"
i see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem. Are you aware of that?
Yes, I suggest that you change y our password. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
That should help your speed issues. You can also upgrade to 5X faster speed. Would you like to do that for $9.95 a month?
Okay, I have updated your account. I don't need to charge your card. It's on your monthly bill
anything else for today
Have a good rest of you day.
I will look into this for you. What's the order number?
are you still there
i see you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you didn't get the deluxe. I will have it out to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
They will also pick up the one you received.
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear about this.
Let me help get to the bottom of the issue.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the invoice you received?
And, just to confirm, you did not open up this account, correct?
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to your account that are associated with the invoice?
Okay. That's good to hear.
Someone from our team will be contacting you in the event that we need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing 2 shelves from your bookcase.
Please hold while I pull your account details.
I see that you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
Okay, great. I will go ahead and send out 2 replacement shelves for you.
I'd also like to send out a book of your choice for the inconvenience this has caused you.
You should expect the shelves next week.
Which book would you like me to send over?
Great choice!
Both the shelves and the book are on their way.
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a nice day!
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your cell phone number for me?
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
It looks like your last payment didn't go through.
Sure.
Alright, it looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, it should be back up in the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you with this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
Great. Would you also provide the 4-digit security pin for this account?
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should be receiving an email soon with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we might be able to help you today.
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Bye!
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a piece from your bookshelf.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
I see you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Okay. I will go ahead and send out a replacement shelf this afternoon. You should receive it early next week at the latest.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to throw in a book of your choice with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry again, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I would be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice?
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account? Correct?
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
Good to hear. You're all set. Should we need any more information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are having internet trouble.
When did the speed problems begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Okay. Please hold while I access your modem, and retrieve the status information from it.
It looks like 10+ users are using your internet connection.
When was the last time you changed your password?
Okay, I have just reset your password again
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Please confirm that you have received the email.
Great, let me know if changing your password helps with the speed issues.
Yes, it is recommended that you change your password often to protect you other users logging on to your modem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Jeramey, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble logging on to your account.
What is the username associated with the account?
Thanks. Please wait while I pull up your account details.
Would you please provide me with the 4-digit security pin used when registering your online account?
Thanks. I have reset your password. You should receive an email shortly with instructions on changing your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hey Jeramey, I let me assist you with this.
Have you looked around your premise for a note of some sort?
let me quickly pull up your records...
OK I see the person which was responsible for the delivery was Bob. Let me try and contact him quickly.
Ok, I have gotten hold of Bob. He mentioned that he did initially  leave the modem in front of your door but after climbing in the car he realized he made a mistake.
He still has your package. This is our mistake. He shold have left a message.
Are you going to be around the house in just over a hour?
He apologizes  and will make the effort to get the package to you within the next hour.
I am sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case have a great day further
Hey Rachel, I am sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do to assist you.
Could you just verify your address?
Great, pulling up the records....
Ok seems Mary was responsible for the delivery. Standby while I contact her and find out what is going on.
OK I have just gotten off the phone with Mary. She mentioned she made a mistake. She still has your package.
She has also committed  delivering it within the next hour and a half
would this work for you?
I do apologize for this inconvenience
You should have your modem within the next hour or so. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Bye:)
Let me have a look if I can help you resolve this. Slow internet is really frustrating.
I think the first thing I would like to just check is when last have you restarted the modem?
Ok, in that case let me run a system diagnostics from my end. Standby...
OK looking at your system, it seems people have been brute forcing your WPS authentication protocol. They have also gotten right.
I see in the past week 15 devices have been registered to your modem.
They all seem very active
Ok, one moment while I change some settings.
Ok, what I have done is disabled WPS. This is a very insecure protocol. What I will need from you is to log into the router and change your password also.
Are you able to do this or do you need me to guide you through the process?
Great. Ah I see only 3 devices now. Your TV, laptop and cellphone.
Would you like to test the speed?
Great, in that case. I hope you enjoy streaming series and movies:)
Hey Jeramey. This seems like a really easy problem to fix.
Looking at your records, I see you ordered the  five shelf bookcase deluxe?
Give me one moment while I verify stock and shipping details...
Great, done. Your new shelf should be arriving on Wednesday.
is there anything else I can assist you with
in that case I hope you have a great day further
Hey backj
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please hold while I check if your new address is serviceable.
Okay. It looks like we can get install at the new address.
Okay to set up an installation appointment tomorrow at noon?
Someone needs to be home for the appointment.
Great. You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
May I please have your new address.
Thank you.
Please hold while I confirm if your new address is serviceable.
Great news. Service is available at your new address.
Okay to set up an installation appointment this Thursday at noon?
Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Okay then. You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a nice day.
Good morning Jose . I am happy to assist you with this.
Let me see if
Let me see if we service that area
yes we do service your area. I can have a technician out to you on March 13th. Does that work for you?
Great . morning or afternoon
Okay , you are confirmed for March 13th between 9a and noon.
Is there any thing else I can help you with today>
You are welcome have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the TV channels stop working?
Have you tried rebooting the cable box?
Okay, please hold while I check for any reported technical issues.
I see there is a reported technical issue. Our system is down for maintenance.
We hope to have service back up and running by this afternoon.
If, by this afternoon, you still are having trouble, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I am happy to look into this for you
What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay , let me see if there are any issues in your area
There does seem to be an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great dayh.
day.
I am happy to assist you with today.
What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address at your new apartment?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Please hold while I check if we provide service at your new address.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
May we come to install this Wednesday between 12-4pm work?
Just to confirm, someone will be home during that time?
Okay then. You are all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Jose , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What was the confirmation number for your order?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
Okay, I see here you were double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Same to you.
I am happy to look into this for you.
What is your order number?
Thank you. I've pulled up your order. Please confirm the event name.
Okay great . Thanks . I see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this problem. I have credited your account.
You should see the refund in two days.
Enjoy the concert.
You are welcome.
Hi Bill, I am sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for your order?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see you here you were indeed double charged.
I will go ahead and authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry again for your troubles, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Any luck?
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and name of passenger?
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have avaialable.
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
Okay , flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat
Check your inbox for the confirmation
Great . Have a safe flight.
you are welcome.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What is your flight number and passenger name?
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have available.
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
Okay , no problem . You are confirmed for the 2pm flight number 965.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
Have a safe flight.
you are welcome
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address of your new apartment.
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please hold while I confirm if service is available in that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Does this Thursday between 12-4pm work?
Yes, we can do this Friday morning from 8am-10am. Does that work?
Great. We'll see you then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Greg , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I do see on our system that you were indeed double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
You should see the refund in two days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address of your new apartment?
Thank you.
I have updated our system with your new address.
Please hold while I confirm if we service that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
At this time, I'd like to set up an installation appointment.
How does thursday between 12-4pm work?
You're all set then. We'll see you this Thursday.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.

What is your flight number and passenger name?
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
I see that we have two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
Do either of those work
you are confirmed for 11am flight w234.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number.
Have a safe flight.
I am happy to assist you . what is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay , Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Let is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am happy to assist you.
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Yes , I see that it is . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you?
Yes , we have noon to 4p . Please confirm that someone will be available.
Great . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay. Thank you.
Hi Marie, I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with our cable service.
I'm happy to help you.
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Okay. Let me look to see if we are experiencing any technical issues on our end.
Alright, it looks our system is down for scheduled maintenance right now.
We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
If you are still experiencing issues by this afternoon, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
What was the confirmation number for the missed flight?
Thank you.
I can put you on flight 63 tonight at 6pm ,or flight 72 tomorrow morning at 9am. Both flights have the same itinerary as the original.
Because of your gold status with us, I am going to make the change free of charge.
Thank you for your loyalty.
Your next ticket on flight 72 has been booked. Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I'd be happy to help you today.
Would you try rebooting your system one more time for me?
Any luck?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Marie, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
I will go ahead and refund one of the charges now.
You are welcome.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay . I see the double charge in our system.
I will refund one of the charges now.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Same to you.
Hi Hup, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
I will authorize a refund now for one of the charges.
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
hey
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
I see you were suppose to fly from DEN to LAX.
I can rebook you this evening at 6pm on flight 65, or tomorrow morning at 9am on flight 32.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
Because of your status, I will rebook at no charge.
You should receive a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with rebooking your flight.
What is  your confirmation number?
Thank you please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
For the same itinerary , I can rebook you on flight 65 tomorrow at 9am, or flight 32 at 3pm tomorrow afternoon.
Sure thing.
I have you booked on flight 65 tomorrow morning.
And, because you're a gold member, I am rebooking you at no additional charge.
You are welcome.
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
I see here you were flying from Denver to Los Angeles.
I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 on Thursday at 5pm.
Great.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook at no additional charge.
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I'm Happy to assist you with this. What is your account number?
I'm sorry, What is your address?
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if that area is one that we service.
Yes , it is . The next available appointment is march 12th between 9a and noon.
Does that work for you?
are you still there?
Great. You are all set.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your account number?
Thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps.
Great . I am glad that we were able to resolve this issue for you so easily.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to take care of that for you today?
Okay , no problem . Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that you had an issue . What is your order number?
Thanks for that information . Let me look into this for you.
I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error.
I have refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Enjoy the concert.
Hi Lilly, I am sorry that you were sent the wrong table.
I am happy to help sort this out for you.
Would you please describe the table you received?
Would you check the shipping label on the box to confirm that your address was on there?
Thank you.
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
I would also like to schedule a pickup order.
What time is convenient for you?
Great. We will pick up the incorrect table tomorrow after 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I apologize that you didn't get the right table. What's your order number?
Are you still there?
thanks . I found the error in the delivery address. I can have it to you by 2pm today. Does that work?
Great . They will also pick up the other table.
Yes, that's true. Have a great day.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your new address?
Thank you for that information . Let me see if we service your area.
We do service your area . The next available appointment is March 13th . Does that work for you?
morning or afternoon
You are confirmed for March 13th between noon and 4p
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
are you still there?
Have a great day.
I am sorry you missed your flight what is your flight number and passenger last name?
Thank you for that information. Let me see what we have for you.
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p .
Do either of those work?
Great . You are confirmed for 2pm . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation email.
Have a safe flight.
Hi Lilly , I am happy to help resolve this issue for you today.
Please verify your cell number.
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
So the payment just went through.
The service on your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you , and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you had this issue.

Give me a moment to research this.
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Hi Lilly, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
I am pulling up your account now.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
We have a no refund policy , but I believe we can make an exception for you.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I'm sorry you had this issue.
Give me a moment to research this.
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your phone number?
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Sure.
The payment just went through. You're all set.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Hi Yvette, I am happy to assist you with your relocation today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
Okay , I have updated your address in our system.
Now let me check to see if we provide service in that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
We can come by to install tomorrow between 12 and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Just to confirm, someone must be home during that time.
Great.
You're all set then. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract?
I have pulled up this account. It says it belongs to John Smith. Do you know this person
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You don't need to do anything else. If there are any questions. Someone will reach out to  you.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
have a great day
I can assist . What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now
Let me know if that helps
Great.I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly
Is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day.
Hi Mohammed, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the number associated with your account?
Thank you
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Hi Mohammed, I am happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
Okay , I see the fraudulent charges.
We recommend that your change your password frequently to avoid these kinds of issues.
Although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I think we can help you today.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mohammed, are you still there?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am happy to assist. What's your cell number
Okay. Thanks you. Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Please do that online now and I can put it through for you
Yes, Stand by
It worked . confirmation number 412524. is there anything else i can help you with today
Are you still there?
Have a great day
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
And thank you for being a loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we can make an exception for you today.
My supervisor has authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Please provide me with your new address
I see that we service your area . The first appointment is march 12th.
Does that work for you
Okay. 504-555-5698
Have a great day.
What's the order number?
I see that you were double billed . I have refunded the second transaction.
You should see the refund in two days.
Enjoy the concert.
What is your order number? I will research that
I see what happened . I apologize for the inconvenience
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work?
Is there anything else I can help you with today
If there's nothing else. Have a great day.
Hi Sam, I am happy to assist you today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
Yes, of course. I have updated your new address in our system.
Please hold while I confirm that we provide service at your new location.
Great news! We have service at your new address.
Okay if we install tomorrow between 9a and noon?
Just to confirm, will someone be home during that time?
You're all set then. See you tomorrow.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Please hold while I confirm that we have service in your new location.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
May we come by tomorrow between 9a and noon for an install?
Just to confirm, someone needs to be home during the installation.
Will someone be present during that time?
Great.
You're all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you . What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Okay . Let me see if there area any issues in your area
Yes , there is an outage in your area . I t should be resolved within the next hour.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
have a great day
I am sorry you missed your flight . what is your flight number
What is your flight number?
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
do either of those work for you?
Okay . 11am flight w234.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation
Have a saf
safe flight
I will look into this.
one moment
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Have a great day.
Hi Sam, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
I'd be happy to help you resolve this.
When did you first start experiencing difficulties?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Okay . Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
I see that our system is down at the moment.
We hope to have it back up and running by this afternoon.
If your service is not back to normal by this evening, please contact us again.
Thank you for your patience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a wonderful day!
What is your account number
Okay what's the phone number associate with that account?
Thank you . have you tried rebooting the system?
Please try that now and let me know if that works.
Sure. Take your time.
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Please do so, and let me know if that resolves the issue.
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hey  Mohammed, Let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number which is on the invoice?
Ok, I have that account in front of me. I see it is opened under your name. However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
I will however not be able to cancel the contract. However what I can do is suspend the contact and create a ticket for further investigation.
Once the contract is suspended, no one will be able to use the number, also no fund will be subtracted from you account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you Mohammed. It is out pleasure to help where we can.
Please for further test ensure the conversation is ending successfully before beginning with a new issue.
Have a great day further.
Hi Richard, I am sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for the order?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and there are indeed two charges
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
You should see the refund posted to your account within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Yes, I can help. What is your flight number and name of passenger?
Thank you of for that information.
We have two flight available 4p and 8p
Great . You are confirmed on flight 656 departing 4pm.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
Have a safe flight.
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to assist you with this today.
What is the number on the invoice your received?
Richard, are you still there?
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Okay, I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate this matter.
Have you noticed any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That's good to hear.
If we need any further information from you regarding this matter, a representative from our company will call you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I see the issue . One moment please
I can have the table delivered to you by 2pm today. Does that work for you?
Sorry for the inc
sorry for the inconvenience . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I can help you with this . What is your order number and event name
Are you there?
Are you still there?
Hi Somesh, I am happy to assist you today.
Which flight did you intend to take?
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Newark.
I can put you on flight 348 at 6:30pm tonight, or flight 32 tomorrow morning at 9am.
Which do you prefer?
Great.
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your business.
I am going to rebook you free of charge.
You should received a confirmation email in your inbox shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I can assist you. What is the problem you are having?
Okay . What is the order number and event name?
Thank you. Let me take a look at the issue.
I see that you were double billed for that festival. I will refund the second charge.
You should see a credit in two day.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Yvette, I'm sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for the tickets your purchased?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now
You should see the refund post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I can help you with that . what is your account number?
Thank you. Give me a moment to look into this.
I see you ordered the oak 42" round. What is you receive?
It would help to know the description.
Okay. thank you for that information. I appreciate the details.
I found the error. I can have your table delivered by 2p today. Does that work for you?
Great. You are confirmed for delivery at 2p. Have a great day.
I can help you . What is your cell number?
Okay . Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Okay. I'll stand by.
Yes . Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else i can help you
with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I am happy to help you with this issue.
What is the number on the account you are having trouble with?
Hi Greg, are you still there?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this is a mistake, I can rerun your card now.
Okay. The payment just went through.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry to hear that you misse
missed your flight.
What is your flight number and departure and arrival cities
Thank you . I see that there are two flight options for today at 4p or 6p. Do either of those work for you>?
You are confirmed for the 4pm flight . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
PLease check your inbox for the confirmation number.
Have a safe flight.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Please describe the table you were sent.
Would you please verify the the delivery address on the shipping label was yours.
Thank you.
So I'm going to go ahead and have the correct table shipped out this afternoon for you.
And, I need to schedule a pick up for the wrong table.
What time is convenient for you?
Great. I will have the table picked up at 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry again for the inconvenience.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the channels stop working?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box/
Okay , let me check our system for any technical issues.
It looks like our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have this issue resolved as soon as possible.
If you are still experiencing issues by this evening, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a great day!
Hey G.I, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide more information regarding what is wrong with your cellphone?
Are you referring to  with the actually cellphone or the service?
Ok, let me have a look what I can see...
OK G.I , it seems your last payment order was declined by the bank
What I can try and to is re bill your card which is on file.
Ok, I have re billed your account.
It was successful . Your service should return within 15min
No problem , GI . Is there anthing else i can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Jake, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the account number?
Thank you, presently busy pulling up your information.
OK, looking at the account I see the address was changed just before the weekend. I looking at the address I assume  you did not want it delivered to Starbucks?
Are all the transaction after this address change the fraudulent transactions?
Looking at the transactions, that totals to $103. Let me check with my supervisor if he is happy if we make the refund.
Ok, seems my supervisor says we are unable to refund the money, however we can credit your account... Would this help?
I understand. Let me see if I mentioned how unhappy you are if my supervisor will change his mind.
Ok Jake, we will be refunding your credit card. One moment while I authorize this.
Ok , I have authorized the refund , the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi there, Kunti. What can I help you with today?
I am happy to assist you with that.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Let me check to make sure we provide service at your new apartment.
Great news. We do provide service at your new apartment.
I can set you up with an installation appointment tomorrow between noon and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Okay, and someone will be present at your apartment during that time?
Great.
You're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the phone number associated your account?
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this was a mistake, I can go ahead and try to rerun your card now.
The payment was successful.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi GI, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please wait while I pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
Although we normally don't refund accounts, I can help you today.
My manager has authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
Let me pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
My pleasure.
My manager has just authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Please give me a moment to look into it.
I see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
doesn't offer.
In further looking into this. I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let  me see if there's anything I can do.
I am able to refund the full amount.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I suggest that you change your password and user name. Have a great day.
Hi Kunti, what seems to be the exact problem?
Let me pull up your account details.
What is the confirmation number on the ticket order?
Thank you.
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now.
You should see a refund post to your account within 2 business days.
I'm sorry, Kunti. I don't understand what you're asking.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have granted the refund.
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry, I don't quite understand. Please explain in greater detail.
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
Thank you for that information. Please hold while I look this up
I see that the contract is under the name John Smith.  do you know who that is?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day.
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
Okay . I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.

You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
you are welcome have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help sort this out for you.
What is the cell number on the invoice?
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Okay, I have suspended the account.
I've also opened up a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
That is good to hear.
You should be all set.
If we need any further information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know who that is?
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
If there are any questions . The security team will reach out to you.
Have a great day.
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
Kunti, are you still there?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you to look for a new flight.
I can put you on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm. Or, I can put you on flight 72, leaving tomorrow morning at 8am.
Which do you prefer?
I also see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook you free of charge on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm.
You should received an email confirmation in your inbox shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
We appreciate your business. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the phone number associated with your account?
Thank you.
I see that your last payment was declined.
Okay, let me investigate further.
It looks like we've had an error on our end.
I will update the status of your account now.
Your cell service should resume within 10 minutes.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry any inconvenience this may have caused you.
Have a wonderful day!
I can help you with this. What is your account number?
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please look in your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Very good . Thank you . is there anything else i can help you with?
Have a great day.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to assist you with this issue.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
Thank you.
Would you provide your unique 4-digit security code that you chose when you signed up for our online services?
Okay, I have gone ahead and reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to make a new password.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have nice day!
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you for that information . I have reset your password . Please look for the email with instruction to reset it.
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today
You are welcome.
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Have a great day.
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Have a great day.
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you out.
What is the username associated with the account you are trying to access?
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Same to you!
Good bye.
Hi Jose, I can help you with this.
Let me pull up your account.
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent at this time.
Let me open a ticket to investigate what happened.
Investigations usually take 24-48 hours.
If you do not hear from someone in the next day or two, please contact us.
Yes, we have both on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Can you describe the table you received?
Does the address on the shipping label match your address?
Okay, I will go ahead and ship out the correct table this afternoon.
I can schedule a pick up any day this week.
Let me know what day/time is convenient for you.
Great.
We will pick up the table on Wednesday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the inconvenience. I hope you have a wonderful day!
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will  have a new modem overnighted to you.
Thank you . Sorry for the inconvenience,
Have a great day.
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
thank you . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
I am happy we can resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
Yes , I will set an inquiry with the delivery service
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you can't access your account.
What is the username you are using to access our online services?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are experiencing troubles with your internet service.
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Okay, let me access your modem and pull its status information.
I see that there are 10+ users currently signed on to your wi-fi.
When was the last time you changed your password for your router?
Please let me know if that fixes the problem.
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
Let me look into this for you
I see that it was delivered in error . I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Have a great day
What is your account number
Have you tried rebooting your router?
let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy this was resolved so quickly.
Have a great day.
Great!
^ What's the number associated with that contract ?
Thanks . Let me look into this for you
The contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay. I will suspend the number and  log a ticket of inquiry with our security department
You aren't responsible for anything regarding this account. If the security team needs anything, they will reach out to you.
Have a great day. You are welcome
Hi Sean, I'm sorry you received the wrong table.
I'd be happy to help you get the correct table.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I will have the all wood table sent out this afternoon.
I also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
Please let me know a day/time this week that is convenient for you, and we will make the pick up then.
Great. I will schedule the pick up for tomorrow.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Jay, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your internet service.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
Please try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing   issues.
Okay, let me pull the status information from your modem.
It appears there are over 10+ users logged on to your account right now.
When was the last time you changed your password for the router?
Please change the password now, and let me know if that resolves your speed issues.
Any luck?
Just one user, which I'm assuming is you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today/
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that you are missing shelves.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Okay, I have your order right here.
I will send out the missing shelves today.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelves.
You got it!
Both the shelves, and the book, are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you with this today.
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
Okay, let me pull up the status information on your account.
It looks like there are 10+ users currently using your wi-fi at the moment.
When was the last time you changed your wi-fi password?
Please try to change your password every few months.
Go ahead and change your password now, and let me know if that resolves the speed issues you are having.
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay . Let me look at your account
I see that you currently have 10 active users
.Did you know that?
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username. That should help.
Have a great day
What is your account number?
For verification purposes please verify your address.
Thank you for verifying . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for the instructions to reset it
Great . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day
I am happy to look into this for you . What is your account number?
What was the order and date charge
Okay. Thanks. Let me look into this for you.
I see that charge . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I can give you a full refund.
I am sorry that this happened to you. Please accept a 20% discount on your next order.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I suggest you also change your password and user name
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.  Have a great day.
Hi Mohammed, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I bring up your account.
I see here that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
I will go ahead and send out the missing shelf today.
I'm also going to include a free book with that shipment.
Which book would you like me to send along? It can be anything.
Great. Both items have been ordered, and will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help you sort this out.
What is the phone number associated with the account you are having trouble with?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment did not go through.
Have you recently changed your billing address on the card used for payments?
Okay, so I just reran that payment and it went through with the new billing address.
You should be all set now. Expect the service on your cell phone to resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I am sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
What is the order number"
Thanks I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf
I will have a shelf overnighted to you
You are welcome, have a great day
What is the order number
I see that the deliver service left it in error at the door.
I will have another modem overnighted to you
Are you still there?
You are welcome , have a great day
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf . Is that correct?
I will have the shelf overnighted to you.
You are welcome have a great day
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's your account number
Let me look into this for you, one moment.
I see the $100 charge.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I am authorized to credit your account the full amount.
I apologize for the inconvenience and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
You are welcome.
Have a great day
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you get a new one delivered.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
It looks like you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
Great. I will have a new shelf sent out today.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice free of charge with your shipment.
Please let me know which book you'd like.
Of course.
You're all set. Expect that shelf and the book later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you with both today.
What is your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system. Now, let me check to make sure we provide service at that location.
We do have service at your new home. I can schedule an install for later this week. Does Thursday at noon work for you?
Great. We'll see you then. Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day, Greg!
Sure.  I can help you. What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account.  Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Have a great day
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
I'm happy to sort this out for you.
What is the cell phone number on the on the contract?
Thanks.
Just to confirm, you did not open any account with us recently, correct?
Okay . I have just suspended the service on the number you provided.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
In the event we need more information from you regarding this contract, a member of our team may contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
What is your account number?
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account. Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Have a great day>
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the contract you received?
Thank you.
And, just to confirm, you have not opened any account with us recently?
Okay. I have suspended service on that number.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Should we need any more information from you, a service representative will contact you.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I can help you with this. What's your account number
Have you tried rebooting the system
Let me know if that helps.
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve this issue quickly.
I see that you have a payment due as well. Can I put that through for you today?
Great . It went through . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
It looks like you ordered the oak version, is that correct?
A replacement shelf will be sent out this afternoon.
I'd also like to send a book of your choice, free of charge, with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
We do! I will go ahead and include that choice in your shipment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry for the inconvenience, and than you for your patience!
Have a wonderful day.
Okay. I can look into this for  you.
whats the order number ?
Did you order the 5-high oak bookshelf
Oops . I see that we sent you the 4-shelf model.
Did you start to assemble it yet
Okay , I will have the correct bookshelf overnighted to you.
Would you like to keep the 4=high at a 70% discoutn?
Great . I will bill your card on file if that's okay.
Have a great day.
Thanks
I can help you with this. what is your cell number ?
thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
I suggest that  you update your credit card information on our site and let me put it through again.
You will need to address the bank payment with the bank.
Let me look into this further for you. Standby.
Okay. I see what happened. Your payment went to another account. It was a keying error on our end.
I have corrected the information. You should see your phone back on in about 10 minutes
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Sean, I can help you with this problem.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should received an email shortly with instructions on choosing a new password.
That is quite alright.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a great day!
I can help you with this. What's the order number?
I see the order and see that it was our error. I will refund the second charge.
It will show up in two days.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day
Hi Sean, I'm happy to look into this issue for you.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I don
I don't see any notes from the delivery agent regarding the delivery.
I'm sorry that it was delivered without a signature requirement.
I will go ahead an open a ticket now to investigate this further.
Tickets are usually concluded in 24-48 hours.
If you don't hear from a company representative in the next day or two, please contact us again.
Again, I apologize for the mess up. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.
Your patience is greatly appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Bye.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to rebook you on a new flight.
May I please have your confirmation number.
Thank you.
It looks like I can rebook you on flight 888, leaving AKG at 5pm this evening. Or, I can put you on flight 327, leaving AKG at 9am tomorrow morning.
No problem at all.
I see that you are a gold member. We do value your loyalty, and this rebook will be granted to you at no additional charge.
You should receive an email confirming the details of your new itinerary.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
The speed issues begin earlier this week?
Have you tried restarting your modem and router?
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Of course. Have a great day! Bye.
I am sorry that you had this issue . I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
No problem at all.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
No need to send it back. We will deliver the correct table at the same time that we pick up the incorrect table.
What day/time this week is convenient for you?
Great.
We will see you Wednesday at 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, sorry for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your bookshelf.
Of course.
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
Okay. I will send a replacement shelf out to you today.
I'd also like to include a book of your choice, free of charge, for the inconvenience this mistake has caused you.
Which book would you like?
You got it.
Expect both the shelf and the book to arrive sometime later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome. Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you're account was hacked, and I do apologize for the inconvenience.
Please wait while I pull up your account details.
I see the fraudulent charges, and am getting authorization from my supervisor now for a full refund.
I see you are a loyal customer, and I do want you to know that we appreciate your business.
So I just put the refund through. It should post to your account in 1-2 business days.
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Jake, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
I'm not seeing any notes from the delivery agent other than that it was delivered.
Have you looked around your property for the package?
Okay. I can put in a request for a ticket to start an investigation.
Tickets are usually resolved in 24 hours.
Yes, you should hear from us via email or phone at the conclusion of the ticket.
If you don't hear from us by Thursday, please contact us again.
I apologize for the inconvenience, and thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
I am happy to help you with today. What is the order number?
Let me look into this for you. One moment.
I found the error in the delivery address. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it to you by 3pm today. Does that work ?
Very good . I am glad we were able to resolve this. Again I apologize for the error.
They will pick up the wrong table when they deliver yours.
Have a great day.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
I'd be happy to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system since the troubles started?
There is a button on the back of your modem/router. You'll need a pen or something of similar shape to press the button.
After the restart is complete, let me know how it's working.
Any luck?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
And, do you remember the 4-digit security pin you chose when signing up for our online services?
Okay, I have reset your passsword.
In a moment, you should received an email with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Please confirm that you have received this email.
Great. Just follow the instructions, and you should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome
Have a great day!
I'm happy to assist you with this. What is your cell number?
Thank you. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Should I put it through with the card on file?
No problem. I will try that again. Standby
I went through successfully this time. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
*it went through...
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you appear to be missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you ordered the mahogany bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Great. I will send out a new shelf this afternoon.
I understand how frustrating mess ups like this can be, and would like to extend a special offer to you.
Please choose any book, and we will include it with your shelf shipment.
Excellent choice.
Both will ship this afternoon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Have a wonderful day!
I am happy to assist you with this today. What is your account number?
Thank you . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Okay . I pulled up your account . You currently have 10 active users. Are you aware of that?
Okay , then I suggest that you change your password and username. Once you do that reconnect all your devices. That should help.
Not that I can see. But, if you would like a faster connection. I can upgrade your system with a 5X faster speed for $9.95 a  month. Would you like to do that?
Fantastic. I have upgraded your account. You should see the faster speed within the hour/
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
Hi Rob, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I do see those charges.
We recommend changing your password at least once a month to avoid issues like this.
I understand that it seems like a lot, but it is the easiest way to ensure the security of your information.
Yes, I can refund you.
Normally we have a no refund policy, but since you have been such a loyal customer, I can make an exception in this case.
My manager has just authorize me to fully refund your account.
If you wish to file a police report, do so at your own will.
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
A replacement shelf will be sent out to you this afternoon.
And, for the inconvenience this has caused you, I'm going to include a free book with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
You are quite welcome.
Both the shelf and the book will ship today.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Rob, I am happy to resolve this issue for you.
What is the phone number on the invoice you received?
Thank you.
I understand.
I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to investigate the fraudulent account.
Should we need any more information from you regarding this issue, a member from our team will be in touch.
No, it should take no time at all.
Just to confirm, you haven't seen any charges on any of your accounts associate with the invoice you received?
Okay. Should you incur any charges, we'll be happy to refund them to you.
Again, I apologize for this mistake. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a wonderful day!
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number?
Thank  you for that information. Was there a note on your door from the delivery company?
Okay. Let me look into this for you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
Yes , I will also log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service to see why it was left.
You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What is  your order number?
Let me look into this. One moment.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature. I apologize for that issue.
I will overnight another modem to you
I will also refund the delivery charge for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I can help you.
What's your order number?
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Oh my , I see that you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
since you already started to build it. Please keep that one and we'll over night the 5-high
You are welcome.
Fantastic. It should be to you before noon tomorrow.
What is your account number? I will  help you.
Thank you . For verification purposes please verify your address.
Thanks . I reset your account with a temporary password/
Please look for instructions to reset it via email
okay great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You are welcome.
I am happy to assist you . What is your order?
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Please try that now and let me know if that helps with the speed issues
Yes, would you like to up grade to the 5X speed option for $9.95 a month?
Okay. Have a great day.
I am happy to assist. What is your account number?
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Okay. Let me review your account.
I see that you currently have 10 active users associated with your account. Were you aware of that?
I suggest that you change your password and username and then reconnect your devices.
That should help your speed issues. You may also want to upgrade to the 5X speed for $9.95 a month
Very good . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hey Jorge, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your account number?
Ok, pulling up your account.
Ok, I see that you have been locked out. What I will need to do is verify your details before I will be able to authorize the password reset.
Could you please provide me with your last four digits of your social security number and also your current address?
Great, thank.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
Ok I have pulled up your order.
You mentioned that it was the lower shelf? I will be able to order that for you. We have in stock
One moment while I complete the order then I will be able to provide you with the details.
Yes that is part Q, you are correct.
I have ordered the part. It seems it will be delivered  in 2days.
Does this suite you ?
Let me have a look, what I can organize.
Great, it seems we can overnight
I have changed the order. It would be delivered to you tomorrow
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hey I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you looked around the house or premises to see if any notes were left
One moment while I just verify who was responsible for the delivery
Ok I have phoned Bob. He mentioned that it was his mistake.  He took you package because he was scared it would be taken. But only after marking it as delievered
He has committed to having it delivered to you within the next hour.
Does this work for you?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for that. I have updated your address.
I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box
Sorry..
I am currently trying to see if we service your area
Great, we do service your area. I will be able to schedule the technician to come install the cable.
Ok how does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
Great . I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, Let me assist you with this.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried to reboot your system?
Would you mind trying to reboot your device and see if this will help?
Ideally do a hard reset. Pull out the plug from the wall and put it back in.
I am happy that helped. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem. I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Sean, Let me look into this for you.
Were these tickets purchased under your name?
Great, the transaction number will help a lot.
Ok I have found the transaction and I see the very next transaction is also on your card and same amount.
I am sorry for this. Let me authorize the refund.
Ok I have authorized the refund . You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Great. Thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
I 'd be happy to look into getting you on a flight as soon as possible.
I completely understand. Let me see what I can do.
Would you please provide me with the confirmation number for your itinerary.
Okay, I'll see what I can do. Do you have your confirmation number so I can look up your original reservation?
Thank you. Please hold momentarily while I pull up your information.
Okay, I can put you on a flight leaving Salt Lake City and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am, or there is an 11am flight to DCA.
The BWI flight is a red eye that leaves tonight at 11pm
Great. You are confirmed for flight 73, leaving BWI at 11pm.
Please use your original confirmation number at the airport to retrieve your tickets.
You should be receiving an email shortly with the rebooking information.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your continued business, and have a safe trip home!
Good bye.
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round. What did you receive?
Let me look into this for you. Please bear with me for a moment.
I see what happened with our delivery. I can have your table delivered by 6pm this evening. Does that work for you?
Great. They will pick up the coffee table when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks and have a nice day.
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round table. What did you receive?
Okay, thanks for that information. We'll certainly get you the right table. Let me see what the issue is.
I found the delivery error. I can have it to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are welcome.
Hi Corey, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your account and order details.
Would you please describe the table that you received/
And you ordered the teak dining room set, correct?
Okay, I will go ahead and have the correct table shipped out immediately.
Again, I sincerely apologize for the mess up.
I also need to schedule a pick up of the wrong table. Please choose a day/time that is convenient for the pick up.
We will be there tomorrow at 4pm to pick up the metal round table.
You can expect delivery of the correct table later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the number of the phone for which you are experiencing issues?
Thank you.
Let me take a minute to look at your account, and get to the bottom of the issues you are having.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Would you like to try a different credit card, or should I rerun the original now?
Great. It looks like the payment just went through.
You should be all set.
Your cell service should be back up and running within the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What is your cell number?
Thank you. Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Certainly. I'm happy to do that.
Okay . It went through this time . your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
You are welcome, have a great day.
Hi Corey, I can help you resolve this situation.
May I have the phone number for the phone you are having difficulty with?
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined by your bank.
No, but if you believe this was a mistake, I can try to rerun your card.
It looks like the payment went through.
I have just updated the status of your account. You should be all set now.
Your cell service should be back to normal in 10 mins or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your order and account details.
I see that you ordered the oak table. Did you not receive that piece?
Again, my apologies for the error.
I can have the correct table to you overnighted.
Yes, I know. I will schedule a pick up whenever it is convenient for you. Please let me know a good time this week.
Great. We will schedule the pick up during that time period.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience, and have a great afternoon!
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your order information.
I have your account pulled up, and I see the charged you are referring to.
I also see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
We do not usually refund our customers' accounts, however, being that you are a valued customer, I can help you sort this out.
Please hold while I talk to my supervisor.
So my supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
You should be all set.
Is there anything else you need assistance with?
Thank you for your understanding, and your continued business.
Have a great day!
Of course, I can assist you. What's our order number?
Thanks . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I understand. I see where the error was in the delivery. I can have your table to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
It was our error so we want to rectify it as quickly as possible.
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
You're welcomet
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does
not offer refunds on online orders
Yes, Stand by.
Hi, I'm Jean the manager. I see that you are a loyal customer.
I am happy to refund the $100 to you.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does

not offer refunds on online orders
Yes, I see that you are a loyal customer. I will speak to my supervisor.
I am able to give you the full credit.
You are welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username.
Is there anything else?
Have a great day
I'm happy to assist. What is your cell number?
Thank you . I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to run it again?
Okay. Just a moment.
No, I can waive that for you.
your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
That is okay . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome.
Hi Gred, I can definitely look into this for you.
May I have the phone number associated with the invoice you received?
Thank you. Let me pull up the information I have in our system for that number.
Okay, so I have suspended service on that line.
In addition, I have opened a ticket of inquiry.
We will perform an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
Should you incur any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice, we will gladly refund you.
At this point, you're all set. We may call you to follow up on the investigation, but other than that, please disregard the invoice.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your understanding, and have a great day!
I can help . What is the cell number associated with that contract
The name on the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You're not responsible for this. It will be handled by our security team.
have a great day
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please provide me with your phone number?
Thank you.
I see that there is some suspicious activity happening with this account.
I have gone ahead and suspended the line.
It appears your last payment was declined.
I'm sorry Love. If you feel this was a mistake, I can go ahead and rerun your original payment method.
Good news, the payment was successful.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I have reactivated your service, and it should be up and running in the next 10 minutes or so.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Same to you!
Hi Corey, I'd be happy to help you out in sorting this out.
What is the phone number associated with the invoice?
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up that line in our system.
I have gone ahead and suspended that line.
I have also initiated an investigation.
Have you noticed any charged on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
I'm happy to hear that.
Should we need any information from you regarding this fraudulent invoice, a member from our team will reach out to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day!
I can help you with this issue. What is the order number?
thank you. Let me look into this for you.
I see that you order the Black 42" rectangular table. What did you receive?
Oh my, that is different.
I see the delivery error.  I can have another one overnighted this evening for delivery tomorrow by noon.
Great. I will email you the return sticker. Place it on the box and the delivery service will take it when they deliver yours.
You are welcome.
Hi Kevin, I'd be happy to help you with this.
Please hold on while I pull up the details of your account/order.
I see that you ordered the oak table. Is that not what you received?
Okay, sorry for the mistake.
I will go ahead and have the right table sent out to you first thing tomorrow morning.
I will also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table. What day/time this week is convenient for you?
We will see you Friday at 4pm.
Again, my apologies for the shipping mistake.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome
Have a great day!
I can help you . What is your account number?
I see the $ 100 order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do.
I am authorized to credit your account for the $100.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. They will invesigate it.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Very good. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thanks!
I can help you. What's your cell number?
I pulled up your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
If you think that is an error, I can try and rerun it for you.
Okay. Let me try the first.
It did go through this time. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi Love, let me look into this matter for you.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I'm seeing the charges you are referring to.
Normally, in this situation, it's our company's policy not to refund accounts, but I can make an exception since I see you are a very loyal customer.
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
You should see a refund post to your account with a few business days.
Feel free to contact us again if you don't see it soon.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Brian, I'd be happy to sort this out for you.
What is the number associated with the contract?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the information we have on file for this line.
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended this number.
And, I will put out a ticket to start an investigation into this matter.
You should be all set.
However, please check your bank statement to make sure you have no charges associated with this contract.
Good to hear.
If we need any other information from you, we will do a follow up.
You should be all set though.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you.
I have your information up, and it appears that you are late on payments. Your last payment was declined for some reason.
If you believe this was a mistake, I can try processing the payment again.
I just ran your card again, and it was successful this time around.
You are all paid up, and your service should resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
I will look into this immediately.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Okay, I see the $100 charge.
In instances like this, we normally don't refund customer accounts. However, I see that you are a loyal customer.
Let me check with my manager to see what I can do.
So I've just been authorized to refund you for the full amount of the fraudulent charges.
You should be all set.
Thank you for your patience, and understanding.
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay then, have a great day! And, thank you for your continued business.
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract
Thanks. Let me look into this.
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person?
Okay. I will suspend the number and log a ticket of inquiry with our security team.
You are not responsible for anything. But, if they have any questions. they will reach out to you.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Have a nice day.
Hi Sean, I can look into this for you.
What is the phone number associated with the service invoice?
Thank you.
Let me pull up that line in our system.
Okay, so it does look like there is indeed some suspicious activity going on with that number/account.
I have froze the account.
In addition, I have requested a ticket inquiry to find out what happened here.
Should we need any more information from you, myself or one of the my fellow team members will be in touch with you.
Before I leave you, would you please check your bank statements to make sure you haven't been incorrectly billed for usage related to this invoice?
Great news.
You should be all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a wonderful day!
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold on a minute while I pull up your account information.
I see that you ordered the oak table, is that correct/
Okay, I will have the oak one sent out first thing tomorrow.
In the meantime, let's set up a pick up for that incorrect table.
What is a good day/time for the pick up to take place?
Yes, is tomorrow at 4pm good for you?
You are quite welcome.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day@
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
Thanks. Let me look it up.
I see that you ordered the Black lacquer table. What did you receive?
Okay. I see the delivery error. I can have your table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you>
Great. Because this was our error, I will credit the delivery charge back to you.
They will also pick up the table you have now.
Have a great day.
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I see the $ 100 charge . We normally don't  offer any refunds for online orders,  but i see that you are a very loyal customer
I will talk to my supervisor
I can credit the $ 100 . Please change your password and username.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I am happy we were able to resolve this issue.
Hi Tiffanie, is this in regards to your cable/internet service?
Perfectly alright.
May I have your new address?
Thank you.
I have updated your new address in our system.
Let me double check to make sure we provide service at your new location.
Great news . We do service your area.
I'd like to set you up with an installation appointment.
Which day this week is good for you?
How about Thursday from 12pm-3pm?
Will do.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I can help. What's your new address?
We do service your area . the next available appointment is march 13th in the morning. Does that work?
Does March 16th work?
Great , morning or afternoon?
Okay please make sure someone is home between noon and 4p.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
What is your new address?
Okay . Let me see if we service that area
We do . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work?
morning or afternoon
Okay . Please make sure that someone is home between 9a and noon.
Great. You are confirmed. fo rMaRch 13th.
for March 13th between 9a and noon.
you are welcome have a great day
Okay, I can assist. What's your cell number?
Let me take a look.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to 

rerun the payment?
I put it through and it worked this time . Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Great . I am glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
Is the trouble you're having related to your cell phone?
Okay, let me take a look at our system. In the meantime, have you tried restarting your modem?
Okay, it looks like like we are having some technical issues on our end.
We hope to have them resolved by the end of the day.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
If you are still experiencing trouble this evening, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your understanding and patience. Have a great day!
Hi Tiffanie, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Just press and hold the power button for 5 seconds, and then release.
Let me know if that solves the problem.
Any luck?
Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
It looks like we have some scheduled maintenance happening right now.
We expect your service to be back to normal shortly.
I apologize for the inconvenience . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out.
When did you first notice the issue?
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
It may. Try it and let me know.
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
Have a great dayQ
I can look into this for you . What is the cell number associated with that contract
Okay. Let me pull up that account.
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team.
The team will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number?
I see the order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I can give you the full refund.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
You too.
What is your account number?
Did you try rebooting your system?
Okay . Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Yes , I see there is an outage in your area . The technician says it should be resolved within the next hour.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can I assist you with something?
Yes , I can help . What is the number associated with that contract?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person
Okay . sorry for the delay . i have suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team
You are welcome. They will reach out to you if they have any questions.
You're welcome.
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to help you with your relocation.
Please provide me with your new billing address.
Okay, I will check.
So that address is both the new billing and service address?
Great.
Your new place is wired, and we can come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
What day/time is best for you
Does Thursday between 3pm and 6pm work for you?
Okay. You're all set for Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Richard, sure thing.
Please hold while I update our system with your new address.
I have updated our system. And, it looks like we do indeed service your new location.
When would you like installation to take place?
Does tomorrow between 9am and 1pm work?
Great.
We will see you tomorrow. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you were charged twice.
Please provide me with the confirmation number for your ticket purchase.
Thank you.
I see that you were charged twice. My apologies for that.
I just ran the refund, and it should post to your account within 2 business days.
If you don't see it post soon, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the billing mistake. Have a wonderful day!
Sure, I can help. What's your order number?
I see the double billing and I will credit the extra amount.
You are welcome. You should see the credit in two days
Enjoy the concert.
I can help with this.
Let me look at the account
sorry , I see that the contract is under the name john smith
do you know that person?
Okay, I've suspended the number and logged a ticket with the security team.
No, you're not responsible. They will investigate.
Have a great day.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
Let me take a look at your account. Do you have the confirmation number associated with your purchase?
Thank you.
Okay, I see here that you were indeed charged twice.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges.
You should see the refund post to your credit/bank account within 1-2 business days.
If, for some reason, the refund doesn't post during that time, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, my apologies for the billing error. Have a wonderful day!
What is your account number"
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
I see that there is an outage in your area and i am told it will be resolved within the hour.
Is there anything else I can help you wiht?
with?
Okay , have a great day
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help you out today.
Please provide me with your original confirmation number.
That's okay. I will search for your using the email address you submitted.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver back to New York. Is that correct?
Great. I can put you on a flight tonight, leaving at 9pm, or you can fly out first thing tomorrow morning at 6am.
Great. I have you booked on flight 63 tomorrow morning.
You should received an email confirming these changes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help.
So you just noticed this issue today?
Have you tried restarting the cable box? Often times that is enough to do the trick.
Any luck?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, and have a great night!
I am happy to look into this. What's your account number?
Okay. I see the $100 charge on your account.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I have been authorized to credit your account the $100.
I suggest that you change your password and username.
Because you are such a loyal customer. I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number for your trip?
Great let me see what flights we haven
have.
There are two flight options. 4pm with a layover and 8:00 direct. Do either of  these work for you?
Okay. Great, you are confirmed. Flight number 663.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number>
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
No problem.
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with your ticket purchase?
Thank you.
Okay I see that you were double charged. I do apologize for this error.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges. I should post to your account within 2 business days.
If for some reason that refund doesn't come through, please let us know.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful night!
Sure, I can look into this. What's your order number?
Hmmm. I see the tickets but I see two orders. One for row AA seats 12 and 13 and the other for row W seats 3 and 4.
Okay. Let me see if there's anything we can do. We don't normally give refunds for online orders.
You are a loyal customer and use our site often. I can give you a credit for the second set of tickets but not a refund.
I am glad we were able to resolve this issue . Is there anything else I can help you with  today?
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help assist you.
Do you have your confirmation number handy?
Thank you. Allow me a minute to pull up your itinerary.
I see you are trying to fly back to New York from Jackson Hole. Is that correct?
Great. I can rebook you to JFK tonight at 9pm. If that doesn't work, I also see a flight to LGA at 8am tomorrow morning. Which do you prefer?
You got it.
I see that you are a gold member as well. Thank you for your business!
That qualifies your for a no-fee rebooking.
You should receive an email shortly with the changes we made just now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you and have a pleasant day!
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with this itinerary?
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Okay Greg, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Charlotte. Is that correct?
Great.
I see two flight options for you:
There's a flight leaving at 11pm tonight, and one leaving at noon tomorrow. Your choice.
Otherwise, I won't be able to get you out until Thursday.
Confirmed. I have you leaving tonight at 11pm on flight 72.
You will receive an email shortly detailing these changes to your itinerary.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Safe travels, and have a wonderful night!
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
I see that you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
What did you receive?
Okay. I will have your table delivered by 6pm. Does that work?
Great and they will pick up the other one.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I'm happy we were able to resolve this. have a great rest of your day.
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What is the confirmation number for your trip?
Okay . I see two options 6pm and 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
Okay . Yes , you are confirmed . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat and middle.
check your inbox for the confirmation
Great. Have a safe flight.
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
What seems to be the problem?
I'm sorry to hear that.
When did you first notice this problem?
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
Would you try that now, and let me know if it helps at all?
Any luck?
Great! I'm happy to hear that. If you have trouble in the future, it's best to reset your cable box first.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your business.
Have a great day!
I can help. What's your cell number?
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Would you like me to try and rerun it?
I did and it went through. your confirmation number is 65221855
your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm happy to assist. What's you new address.
Thanks . Let me see if we service your area
we do service your area . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you>
morning or afternoon
Okay . Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight. what is the confirmation number for your trip?
Okay. let me look at available flights
I see that there are two options. 4p with a layover and 6:30p direct. Do either of those work for  you?
Okay you are confirmed on the 4pm flight. flight number 231.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see the $100 charge you are referring to. Normally, it's company policy not to refund customer accounts.
However, I see that you have been a long time customer.
Let me speak with my supervisor, and see if we can't work something out for you.
My supervisor has just authorize me to process a full refund of the fraudulent charges.
Both of us thank you for your business, and apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you.
Please remember to log off your account every time you leave your computer.
We also recommend you changing up your password from time to time.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you for your continued business. Have a great night!
I'm happy to help. What is  your order number?
Please confirm the event name.
Okay, let me research this.
I see you were double billed. I will give you the refund.
You should see the credit in two days.
You are welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve this quickly. Since it was our issue, I also refunded the ticket fee.
You are welcome.
Have a great dayh.
day.
I can look into this for you, What is your account number
Okay I see that the contract is under the name john smith. do you know that person?
Yes , I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry with the security department.
They will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with todayu?
Have a great day.
Hey Werner
Hey Nancy, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank you Nancy. Standby while I update our system with your details.
Ok Nancy your details have been successfully updated.
Let me look when the next available appointment is.
How does April the 3rd between 2p and 5p sound?
Great let me just verify the appointment. Standby
Ok Nancy you appointment has been scheduled .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Between 2-5p, that is correct.
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
Great in that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear you are experiencing problems. Let me see what I can do to assist you. One moment while I pull up your records
Ah , I see your previous payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, I will try to re bill the card which we have on file.
OK Nancy I was successful in re-billing your account.
Let me just create a ticket to have your service enabled again.
OK, I have re-activated your account, The service should start working within the next 5-10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case Nancy I hope you have a great day furthe.
Great to hear. Have a good day further Nancy.
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear about the missing part. Let me try and help you.
Standby while I pull up your account details.
Ok Nancy, I see you ordered a oak table?
I have gone ahead and put in an order for a new shelf
It should be delivered within the next 2days.
I understand, is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Nancy, I am glad you are safe at least. Let me have a look what I can do to assist you
When will you like to return home?
I have two flight options available, one is later tonight at 8pm and the other is tomorrow morning. Which would you prefer?
Sure, tomorrow morning at 9am?
Seeing that we had a lot of delays due to heavy snow, will will not be charging you for this flight.
Give me one moment while I just complete the booking of your ticket.
Ok I have booked your flight.
You should be receiving an email with your ticket details
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi Mr. Southern can i help you with updating your new information?
Hi I will update your information for you.
Can i have your old address?
can i have your new address
Please hold on while I get your information
I have updated your information in our system, can i help you with anything else?
I will schedule and installation appointment .
Do you have a date that you would like us to come to install the cable line?
okay, let me give you some dates, okay?
hi i have an opening for tomorrow at 1:00 in the afternoon? Is that good for you?
I also have an opening for 10:30 in the morning for tomorrow morning.
which one maam, tomorrow morning or the next day?
okay, i will schedule it for you.
Can you please hold while i schedule this appointment for you. can i help with anything else?
You have schedule for tomorrow at 10:30 am anything else?
Thank you,
Hey Jonathan I will be able to help you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
One moment while I update this in our system
Ok you address has been updated, and I see the address is serviceable.
The earliest we will be able to send someone to make the installation is April 8
Does this date work for you?
Great, will 2-5pm work for you?
Great, let met make schedule this appointment for you. Standby please
OK the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have nice day.
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with his.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank you Dannie, one moment while I update this and check if we can service this new address
Ok you address has been updated, and we do service this address. The earliest we can assist you is this on the 8th of april
does this work for you?
Would between 11a to 3p work for you?
Great, one moment while I update book the appointment.
Ok your appointment has been booked, is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Jonathan, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am sorry for this inconvenience
Thanks you for the number one moment while I pull up the details of your account
Ok Jonathan, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
What I can try and do is make a re bill against your account?
Sure things, one moment while I try this.
OK the payment was successful.
You service should return within the next 10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem Mr Schatz, have a good day
Hey Dannie , I am sorry for the inconvenience. Let me see what I can do to assist you.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, let me look what is going on.
I see the last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, one moment while I process the re bill
Ok the re bill was successful.
Your service will resume within the next 10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Johathan, I am sorry to hear that. Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Please can you provide me with your order details?
Thank, pulling up the details.
Great, I see you have ordered an oak shelf.
Is this the correct shelf?
Great, let me quickly order you a replacement shelf. Standby please.
Ok I have placed an order for the replacement shelf.
It should be arriving within the next 2 days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
Hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear that. Could you please provide me with the order details.
If you could provide me with the order details, I will be able to pull up the information I need to place you a replacement shelf.
Pulling up the information on the system.
OK I have the information and I have ordered you a replacement shelf.
It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that Jonathan, Let me help you get a new flight.
When was your flight scheduled for?
OK got it, it seem this flight was canceled. For this reason I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
When would you like to return? the earliest flight I have is 6p this afternoon
So the 6p flight works for you?
You are in luck, the same seat numbers are available for this flight. Does this work for you?
Ok one moment while I book your tickets
Ok your tickets are booked.  You should be them via email.
No problem sure, was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, I hope you have a great day.
hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
Flight number, destination and time.
One moment while I pull up the information.
Ok Dannie , it seems that flight was canceled so I will be able to reschedule you a flight free of charge.
When would you like to fly out?
I have a flight available at 6p and 9p this afternoon.
Great, would you like similar seats to that which were booked?
One moment while I book you flights.
ok your flights have been booked. You should be receiving a the ticket via email within the next few minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Blake, let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
One moment while I update this on our system.
Ok your details have been updated. I also see the address is serviceable. Let me quickly look when the earliest available appointment is.
Ok the earliest we can come to install the new line is 8 April, Wednesday.
Between 11a and 3p
Let me schedule the appointment then.
Ok the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you, have a good day.
Hey Blake, let me try and help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I look what is going on.
Ok Blake , it seem the last payment order was declined by the bank.
What I can try and o is re bill the card which on the system.
Ok Blake the payment was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 5mins.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear that. Could you provide me with the order number so that I can deliver you an extra shelf?
Great, thanks you. Standby while I pull up your account and process the order.
OK Blake a replacement shelf has been ordered, It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope you enjoy your new bookcase. Have a good day.
Hallo Blake, Sure thing I can. Could you provide me with the flight number of the flight you missed? We had a few cancelations of flights, so would just like to check.
Ok Blake, that flight was actually canceled. I will be able to reschedule your flight for you free of charge.
The next available  flights are at 4p and 6p this afternoon.
Would either of these work for you?
Great, let me pull up the flight details and see what I can give you. Would you like similar seating arrangement?
Ok I have a window seat available.
Let me just lock it down and have the ticket emailed to you.
Ok, you should be receiving an email shortly with your tickets.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
Hi Kevin
I can help you with this
What is you new address details
Kevin we have updated your address
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No problem at all I can help you with that
can I confirm a date to install the new service line system
Kevin how does April the 8th look
Great would April the 8th at 12p and 2p
Great news the transaction was successful
Kevin the appointment is scheduled\
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Great have a wonderful day
Hello Robert
That is terrible news , I would be happy to assist you
Do you have any service on your phone at all
That us unfortunate , lets take a look at your account number
Could you please provide me with your cell phone number
Great just a moment to look into this
Looks like your last payment was declined, I would be happy to re bill your account and reinstate your service
Great just let me put that transaction through again
The payment was submitted and it will take another 10 to 15 minutes or so before the payment is verified
Yes , as soon as the payment Is there the service will be back
No problem at all is there anything else I can help you with today
Thank you for calling ACME and please call again soon
Hi Patricia! Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you with this today
Ok thank you for verifying this information.
Thank you for verifying. I am going to place you on hold while I pull up your account
Thank you for holding . I have updated your address in our system.
I am checking to ensure that your address is serviceable.
I am sorry about the wait. I pulled up everything and great news your address is serviceable
The next available appointment is April 23rd, 2015. Are you available on this day for installation?
Ok great. I am scheduling your installation time for 10a-2p
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you today
Can you please provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account with your new address.
You are very welcome. I have updated your address in our system.
I am verifying that your new address is serviceable
Your service is serviceable ! The next available appointment is April 23, 2015. Will someone be home?
We can have a tech report to your home between 10a-2p. Does this time frame work for you?
Ok I am going to change your work order time to 2p-5p. Does this work better for you?
Your internet installation has been scheduled for April 23rd from 2p-5p.
Is there anything else I can
help you with today?
Well thank you for contacting us regarding this matter!
Enjoy the rest of your day
Thank you!
Hi Peter! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your new billing address?
I am up updating your account with your new address now
You are very welcome. I am checking to ensure your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable
The next available date for installation is April 23, 2015 from 10a-2p. Will someone be home?
Ok great. The installation has been scheduled
Is there anything I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Can you verify your cell phone number
I am looking up your account now
I checked your account and it looks like your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I re-bill the bank card on file?
Ok Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill your card
The re-bill was successful.
Your service will be reactivated. This process takes normally 5-10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok, great. Thank you for contacting us. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi I am certainly happy to assist you with this issue.
I have your account pulled up. Can you verify which type of desk you purchased?
I see you purchased our oak bookshelf, is that correct?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost
Can you verify your delivery address?
Thank you. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account.
I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
I am sending your a replacement
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to buy you a book of your choice to help fill the book case.
Which book would you like?
Yes I have ordered you a replacement oak shelf.
As a gift, I would love to purchase you a complimentary book.
Which book would you like?
I can send you the new Harry Potter book. Would you like this one?
Hello Kevin, are you still there?
Awesome!
Would you like me to place the order for the Harry Potter Book?
Ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hey Kevin! I will be happy to assit you with this!
Can you verify your missed flight's time, date and destination
Ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving the same day later in the day at 5p that has seats available.
Does this work for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 5p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
I will e-mail you the new tickets as I have just booked you on this new flight
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day and have a great and safe flight!
I Josh. I will be happy to assist you with this.
Can you verify your new address?
I have updated your account. I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
Your address is serviceable
The next available appointment for installation is April 23rd from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
Ok awesome. I have scheduled your installation
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your phone number?
Ok great. Thanks for verifying.
I checked your account and the last payment order was declined by the bank
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
ok great. Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill the card on file.
Good news! The re-bill was successful.
Service will be back up and running normally in about 5-10 minutes
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. enjoy the rest of your day
Hi Peter! I will be happy to help you with this today.
Thank you for verifying your phone number
I am looking up your account now
Ok not a problem. It looks like the payment order was declined by the bank
To get your service back up and running, Is it ok I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Thank you Peter . I tried it again and it went through.
Your service will be reactivated within 5-10 minutes
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! NO worries, I will be happy to help you
Can you verify that you ordered the oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like?
Ok great. I have ordered the missing piece and have set a reminder to place an order for the book later today
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
You're welcome!
Hi Peter. I will be happy to help you with this
Can you verify that you ordered the oak desk?
ok great.
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
ok great. Give me one second while I update your account
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome!
Hi Josh . I will be happy to assist you!
In regards to the flight that you missed, What was the flight time, date and your destination?
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at either 10a or 1p. Which time works better for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 10a flight. Your Flight Number is  0649, Seat 4F Aisle
I will e-mail your tickets
you are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you . Have a great day!
Hi Peter. I will be happy to assist you.
I will have you back home in no time
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving today at  2p . Does this time work for you?
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 2p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Enjoy your meal!
I have e-mailed you the new boarding passes.
You are very welcome have a great day
Hi Patricia! No worries, I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify your new address?
Thank you for verifying this new information. I am going to place you on a brief hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I have updated your new address
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
There are currently no problems
I can have a technician come to service the issue tomorrow from 10-1p. Will someone be home?
Ok Great. I have scheduled the appointment. You will have internet services in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Have an awesome day!
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear about the issues you are having. I will be happy to assist you!
Can you verify your phone number?
Ok thank you!
After reviewing your account, I see that your last payment order was declined by the bank.
To get your service back up and running, can I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Great news. The transaction was successful. Your cell phone service will be reactivated in about 5-10 minutes!
I am happy that we resolved your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Patricia! Thank you for contacting us.
I am looking up your account. Can you verify that you purchased the Oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost.
Can you verify your delivery address and contact phone number?
You are very welcome! Thank you for providing this information. I want to ensure we are sending the replacement to the correct address.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choice to help you fill the book case
Which book would you like?
Nice! I love those series of books!
Great choice!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
You are very welcome . I am happy that we were able to resolve your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Patricia! Ohh no. No problem. I am going to look into this!
Can you tell me your missed flight's information such as the  time and destination?
Thank you. Was your departure for tomorrow?
ok thank you for verifying. I checked your flight status and the flight was indeed cancelled. As a result I am going to change the flight tickets for you free of charge.
I have an open flight leaving to New Orleans today at 3p. Does this time work for you?
sweet! I have booked you on this flight and will have the flight tickets emailed to you. New flight number is 7898, Seat 4B Window
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today Patricia?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Hey Somesh, I will be able to help you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Is this an apartment or a house?
Thank you for the information, standby while I update it in our system
Your account details have been updated. I have looked and I see we can service your address.
The earliest appointment is 10 April, between 2-5pm?
Great, let me booked in this appointment.
I have booked in that appointment.
Is there anything else which I can help you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this.  Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate on the the system what is going on.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank. Would you like me to rebilll the card details which we have on the system?
No problem. Standby while I do so..
The transaction was successful. You service should become active within the next 5-10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, have a great day.
Hi Somesh . I ams sorry to hear that . I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
ok great!
I am going to check your account right now
I am going to send you a replacement shelf at no cost
Can you verify your address?
Thank you!
As a gift I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choosing to help you fill in your new bookcase
Which book would you like?
After checking Harry Potter, they do have the book
Great news! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK aweome! Have a great day!
Hi Somesh! Sorry to hear this. Im happy to help you get back home safely!
Can you tell me your flight details such as time, date and destination?
Ok thank you
I checked and I do see that the flight was cancelled. I am going to change your flight tickets free of charge.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a and 10a. Which time works better for you?
Ok I have booked you for the 9a flight. Your new  Flight number is 8989, Seat 5E Aisle. I will email you the tickets.
You are very welcome Somesh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi Somesh! No worries. I will be happy to assist you
Can you verify your new address?
Hi Somesh. Are you still there?
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to assist you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for this information. I have updated your account with  your new address. I am checking to make sure your area is serviceable.
Your area is serviceable
The next installation date I have is tomorrow from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
awesome. I have scheduled the installation.
Everything is all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Hannah. I will be happy to assit you
Can you provide me with your new mailing address?
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure the address is serviceable.
Great news. Your area is serviceable. My next installation date is tomorrow from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
Ok great, the installation has been scheduled.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi William. I am sorry to hear you been having issues with your phone service. I am happy to help you so you can get back to normal service.
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you for verifying William
I am looking into your account now
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
I just recharged the card and the re-bill was successful
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey William. I am sorry you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost to you
Can  you verify your address
thank you
I would like to also send you a new book complimentary to fill in your new book case
Which book would you like
ok perfect. Give me one second to put that order in
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Ok awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. You are welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear you have been experiencing issues with your cell phone. I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number
ok awesome. I am looking up your account
it looks like the last payment was declined by the bank. Can I rebill the card on file?
yes I can
I am trying the card now
The rebill was successful this time around. Your service should be back up and running within 5-10 minutes
You are very welcome. I am so happy we resolved this issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome have a great dat
day*
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify that you purchased the oak shelf?
ok great . I will send you a replacement shelf at no cost.
Can you verify your mailing address and phone number?
Thank you.
As a gift, I would like to send you a free book of your choice. Which book would you like?
After checking Amazon , they do have the book . I have placed an order for the book and the shelf.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi William. I will be happy to help you with this!
It's ok.
Can you give me your flight details?
ok no worries I am going to reschedule your flight at no cost
I have a flight leaving later today at 4p.
Awesome. Your new flight number is United 456. Seat 5E Aisle
awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin. Sorry to hear that. I will be happy to help
Can you tell me your flight details?
ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled  and as a result I will change your flights for free.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a. Is that good for you?
I have rescheduled flight due to being snowed in. New flight number U5632, Seat 10A Window
I will email you the new booking information,
you are very welcome
anything else i can help you with
ok great have a good day!
Hi Kevin. I will be happy to help you!
Can you tell me your new address?
ok thank you. I have updated your account
i am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
There are no problems in your area.
The next available appointment is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out. Are you available?
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment . Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin. I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you.
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I rebill the payment to the card we have  on file?
Thank you
rebill was successful. Your service will be back on in 5 minutes
Youre welcome
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok great
have a good day!
Hi Jon! I will be happy to assist you on this matter
Can you provide me with your new address
Thank you.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Everything is working fine
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
awesome
hold one second
Your installation has been scheduled.
IS there anything else I can help you with?
awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Bill. I will be happy to help you
Can you provide me with your new address?
thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Everything is working fine
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
Your installation has been scheduled.
Youre welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin!
I will be happy to help you. Can you verify the type of shelf?
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a free book?
Which would you like?
Yes we do . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Your welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
HI John I can assist you with this
Can you verify your number?
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
your welcome. Anything else?
have a great day
Hi Bill. I can help you. Can you verify your number?
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
your welcome. Anything else?
have a great day
Hi Jon. I can help you.
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
It will take 3-4 days
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Which book would you like
Which book?
ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
anything else?
ok thank you!
Hi Kevin. I can help you. Give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Can you provide flight details
ok awesome. I do see that your flight was cancelled.
I am going to get you on a new flight for free
We have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a. Does that work for you?
Ok great. I have put you on Flight a56, seat 5E window
I will email you tickets
I am happy that we resolved the matter. You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Have a safe flight!
Ok no worries. I can help you
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Which book would you like?
ok great
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi Jon. I will be happy to assist you. Can you provide flight details?
I do see here that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your flights free of charge.
ok  great. I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9am tomorrow morning. Does this work for you?
I have rescheduled you on to the next available flight. Your new  flight number is  U5434, Seat 4F Window. For your convenience, I am emailing you the tickets.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great , Have a safe flight and thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Kevin! Thanks so much contacting ACME! I can definitely help you on this!
Can you verify your new address?
Ok thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
I checked and saw your address is serviceable. I can have a technician come out to your new address tomorrow between 1p and 2p. Will someone be home?
I have also updated your account with your new address
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. You will have your internet back up and running in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Hi Bill. I am so sorry to hear this. I can help you on this matter
Can you provide your flight details?
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your tickets free of charge.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 10a. Does this work for you?
I have changed your flights. You New flight number is 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email your tickets to you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin! I will be happy to help you with this and get you back to your destination safely!
Can you provide your flight details, please?
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your tickets at no cost to you
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10a. Does that work for you?
ok awesome. I have booked you on that flight. New flight number 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email tickets to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you!
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
10a
I have scheduled your appoinment
The tech will come and install the internet
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
ok perfect. I have scheduled your appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your new address?
ok great
I have updated your account
I will send a tech out to you tomorrow between 9a and 10a. Are you available?
Thank you.
I have scheduled your appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great! have a good day!
Thank you for contacting us!
You ordered oak shelf?
Did you order the oak shelf?
Hi I am here.
Are you able to see my responses?
I will send a new shelf out to you free of charge
I would also like to send you a free book
Which book would you like?
hello?
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your new address
Thank you . I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
no problems.
I can have a tech come out tomorrow at 9a. Does this work for you?
ok perfect.
I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome have a great day!
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us!
Can you verify your new address?
Thank you for providing
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
I have checked and your address is serviceable
I can send a tech out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
I have scheduled the appointment. is there anything else I can do for you?
you're welcome
have a great day!
Hey Jonathan, Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the details of your new address?
Great, standby while I update the system with your information.
I will also check if your new address is serviceable.
OK your address has been entered into the system. I have also looked and we do service your new address.
The earliest that a technician can come out to make the installation is on 10 April, does this work for you?
So I ca go ahead and schedule and appointment between 11a - 1p?
Great, one moment while I schedule the appointment.
Ok your appointment has been booked and confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Josh, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I investigate.
It seems your payment was authorized but for some reason the bank declined it at a later stage
I do appologize for this
If you would like I can try re billing the payment?
Standby while I do this.
Ok it seems your payment was successful.
Your service should be reactivated within the next 5-10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
HI Nancy! Thank you for contacting us!

Can you verify your new address?
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
I have updated your account and your service is great
They can come at 9a on the 13th
Does this work for you?
ok awesome.
You are all scheduled. Have a great day!
Hey Kevin I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, stand by while I research what the issue is.
It seem the last payment was declined by the bank, would you like me to try and rebill the card which we have on the system?
Sure thing, one moment while I process the payment.
OK your payment has been processed. Your service should be active within the next 5-10 min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
great. was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address details?
thank you, let me enter this information into the system.
your information has been updated on the system. And it seems your new address is indeed serviceable.
The earliest appointment which I have available is on the 14 April, will this work for you?
What  I can do is put you on a list that if a cancelation occurs they will contact you and ask if you are available if you wish?
Great, adding you to the list.
OK you have been added .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi. I am happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number?
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
can i try running the card on file again?
ok, hold one moment
card worked. Service will be restored in 5 minutes
you're welcome! have a great day!
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
If you want I can try and re bill your account with the card details which are on the system?
Great, let me do this for you. Standby please.
Ok your payment has been processed, Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
Can you verify your phone numer
number*
thank you. I am checking your account. Please hold a moment
It looks like the payment did not go through. Can I try recharging the card?
Ok perfect. The card went through. Your service will restored in 10 minutes
awesome. Anything else I can help you with?
awesome thanks!
no worries
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can investigate further?
I will need you cellphone number to investigate further.
Thank you let me investigate quickly, standby please.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
If you want we can try that, but I would recommend that we try re billing your card details on which are on the system, first ?
Ok one moment while I try doing this..
OK the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
was a pleasure helping you.
Hi Josh! I am sorry you are having an issue with our product. Can you verify you purchased the oak?,
ok perfect. I am sending you out a replacement shelf
As a thank you, i would like to send you a book
which book would you like?
ok perfect . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!!!
Did you purchase the oak?
give me one moment
I have placed an online order for the new shelf
Which book as a gift would you like?
ok awesome. I will.
Everything is all taken care of.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
I will send you a replacement shelf for free.
I would also like to send you a complimentary book
Which book would you like?
Ok no worries. You are great. I have placed an order for the shelf.
It should arrive in 3-4 days
ok you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome
Hey Jonathan , I apologize for this.  Let me try and get this resolved as fast as possible.
Could you please give me the order number?
Thank, give me a moment while I pull up the details
OK I have pulled up your order, just to confirm it is the oak 5 shelf bookshelf right?
Great, we have spare parts, let me just order you the spare shelf.
OK your order has been placed.
Your order should be arriving within the next 2 business days. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi Nancy. I will be happy to help you.
can you verify your address?
Ok thank you
I am sending you a replacement shelf for free.
I am also going to include a free book of your choice. Which would you like?
Yes we have that book in stock. I have placed an order for both the shelf and book. They will both be shipped out to you.
they should arrive within 3-4 days. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Peter, Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help
please provide your phone number
I see your card was declined by the bank. Can I recharge the card we have on file?
The charge was successful this time. Your service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok awesome .have a great day
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
I would just need that that to streamline the booking process
Can you remember the flight number?
great , I see that flight was actually canceled so, so I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
I have two options one for tonight at 8p and another for tonight at 11p
would either of these work for you?
Ok, it seems I can get you the exact same seats as your previous flight. Are you happy with this?
You should be receiving the tickets via email anytime soon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case, thank you for choosing ACME, and have a safe flight.
Hey Smitty, I am sorry to hear this, could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, one moment while I investigate what the problem could be.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank
If you would like I can try rebilling your account with the details we have on the system?
Ok let me try the rebill, standby please.
Ok the payment was successful. you account should be reactivated within the next 5-10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi Peter. I can help you with this!
Which type of shelf did you order?
ok. I will send you a replacement shelf
and a complimentary book. Which book would you like?
ok perfect. I have ordered your shelf and book
within 3-4 days
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hey Patricicica, I will be able to help you.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank, one moment while I update the system and ensure this address is serviceable.
OK your details have been updated. And the address is serviceable. The earliest  available appointment is 10 April, between 2-5p, does this work for you?
Ok, let me just input this into the system for you.
OK your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Thank you for choosing ACME, hope you will be happy with the internet when it is installed.
Have a great day
Hey Jonathan, let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
it seem this flight was actually  canceled due to the snow. So this means I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
I have two options one at 8p and another at 11p tonight.
One moment while I look how full the flights are and what seats I can get for you.
OK I am able to get you the seats you require. Would you like me to book them now for you?
Ok , I have booked your flights , Is there anything else I can assist you with?
thank you for choosing ACME and have a safe flight.
Hi Josh. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
ok no worries
i see the flight was cancelled and I will schedule a new flight free of charge
I have a flight tomorrow morning at 8
8am tomorrow morning
Would this work?
ok perfect. I have just emailed your new tickets.
Anything else I can help you with
/
?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
I will send you a shelf for free
within 3-4 days. Can you verify your address?
Thank you
Give me one moment while I update your account
Hi Peter. I have updated your account
I am sending you out a free shelf
I am sending you out a free shelf
And a free book
of your choice
ook, no worries. You are all set.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
you're welcome. Have a great day
Hi Nancy. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
ok perfect.
Thank you
I have changed your flight to an earlier one tomorrow at 81
8a
Does this work for you?/
thank you! no worries.
I am sending your flight details via email.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
HI Kevin! I can help you.
Please provide me with your flight details
Thank you. I am going to find another flight for you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this work?
ok awesome.
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 8a
I will email you all the details!
Have a great day!
you're very welcome!
Hi Kevin. I can surely help you with this
What is your cell number?
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
I am going to try running your card again
card worked
service will be restored in 5 minutes
yay!
Anything else I Can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Peter. I can help you
What are your flight details?
Ok awesome. I am going to find you an alternative flight for free of charge
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 10a
I will email you all the details
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
OK, looking on the system it seems that would be flight AC 125?
OK, well you are in luck. It seems this flight was also canceled on account of bad weather. So I will be able to book you a new flight, free of charge.
I have two options available for tonight, one at 8p and the other at 12p? Would either of these work for you?
Great, let me check which seats I can get for you.
OK I can get your an emergency seat next to the window? Would this work for you?
They are the seats with extra leg room.
Great, standby while  i book this flight. For you.
Ok I have booked the flight for you. You should be receiving the tickets via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you and thank you for choosing ACME. I hope you have a great day have have a safe flight.
Hi Smitty
I can help you!
What type of shelf?
Ok awesome. I am going to send out a new shelf
Please verify your address
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I would also like to send you a free book
Which would you like?
sweet, great choice.
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
your welcome. Have a great day!
Hi I can help you!
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
Please verify your address
ok awesome
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I would also like to send you a free book

Which would you like
sweet, great choice!
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
your welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help  you resolve this matter.
Can you provide me with your flight details?
Where was the destinaton?
Which city?
Thank you so much for clarifying. I do see that your flight was cancelled. I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow afternoon at 1p. Does this time work for you?
I have put you on the 1p flight. Your flight number is U78612. Seat number 14J Window.
I will email you all the details shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us! I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your flight details?
ok thank you. I see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your ticket free of charge
I have a flight leaving tonight at 7p. Does this time work?
Ok awesome. This is great news. Your new flight number U6790, Seat 17M, Aisle.
I am going to send your new flight details to you via email.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Ok awesome. Well have a great day!
Hi Nancy! I am happy to help you with this.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you.  I am going to ensure that your service area is serviceable. Please hold one minute
Great news! I have updated your account with your new address and this area is serviceable.
I can send a technician out on Friday the 10th from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
Ok great. I have scheduled an appointment for the installation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am so happy that we resolved your problem. Have a great day!
Thank you!!!
Hi Nancy! Thank you for contacting ACME! I will happy to assist you on this!
Can you provide your cell phone number please?
Thank you so much
I see that the payment was declined from the bank. Do I have your permission to recharge the card we have on file?
The charge was successful and your service should be restored within 5-10 minutes
I am happy we was able to reach a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
Hey Nancy! Sorry to hear about the missing product but I will handle everything for you.
Did you purchase the oak?
I can send you a free replacement if you like
Ok great. I would also like to send you a free book of your choice to help you fill the book case. Which book would you like?
Ok great choice ! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Can I help you with anything else?
ok sweet, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Oh I am very sorry to hear that. Let me help you with this!
Can you provide me with your flight details?
I have looked into your flight and as I do see that it was cancelled, I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge.
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 9:30a. It is a direct flight. Does this work for you?
Great!!!! I have scheduled a new flight for you. Your New flight number: U4523, Seat 15B, Aisle.
I will send you the complete flight details via email.
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi Jose! Thank you for contacting us! I can certainly help you with this.
Thank you for providing me with your new address. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I have updated your records
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Great news! it looks like there is no current issues. I can have a tech come out to your area tomorrow or Friday from 10-2p. Which day works best for you?
Thank you. I have scheduled your installation for tomorrow at 10. I am happy we got a resolution.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome. Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi William! I will be happy to help you1
you*
Can you provide me with your cell number
I see that your card was declined by your bank. For your convenience, I am going to attempt to charge the charge one more time
The charge was successful. Service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Oh no problem , my pleasure helping you!
I love helping people!
Well is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Peter!
Yes did you order the oak bookshelf?
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelf. Which book would you like?
Ok awesome, great choice! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
They will arrive within 3-5 business days
You are very welcome, as always
Anything else I can assist you with today?
Ok awesome, have a wonderful day!
Hey Robert! Sorry to hear that!
I will be happy to help. What are your flight details?
Ok no worries. I have switched you to the flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a free of charge
Does this time work for you?
You are very welcome! Your new flight number UA54387. Seat 13B Window. I will email you these details via email.
Trust me I completely understand when these type if situations arise.
Ok great . Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need any future assistance
Is there anything else you need help with?
Ok Robert, well you have a great afternoon.  Have a safe flight!
Hi good morning Billy! Thank you for contacting ACME
I can definitely help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Ok thank you. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok perfect. You have been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome.
Hi good morning Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME

I can definitely help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable. I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Not a problem, let me check for you.
Yes we have a 3p slot open
Does this work for you?
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment.
No not at all there. There is no charge for installation.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Billy! Sorry to hear that you are having issues. Let me look into the problem for you.
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Ok please hold.
The charge was successful. Your service will be reactivated in 5-10 minutes.
Now that everything is resolved, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. No worries. Sorry that you are experiencing signal problems. I can surely help you resolve this issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number please
Thank you
Let me check your account
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you. Let me update your account
The card went through
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
thanks!
Hi Peter. Thank you for contacting ACME.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Account is updated
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Sorry for the delay. We have been experiencing delays on our end
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok awesome. Everything is scheduled.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi Billy. Thank you for contacting ACME.
I can help you. Can I place you on hold while I look up your account?
I see  you purchased the oak shelf
Can you verify your address please
Thank you!
I will send you a replacement shelf free of charge
I am sending your shelf. It should arrive within 2-3 days!
you are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today
ok great .Enjoy your day!
Hi Patricia!
I can surely help you with this!
Please provide me with your new address
Thank you!
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
What is your zip code?
Thank you!
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok awesome. Your time has been scheduled
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us
Did you purchase the oak shelf?
ok perfect
I can send you a replacement shelf free of charge
Yes we have you covered.
I would also like to send you a free book of your choice
Which would you like?
Do you happen to know the title of the book?
I believe it is Dark Tower
I will put that order in for you.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Peter! I can help you with this!
What is your phone number and address
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
The card went through
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! You're very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. I will help you with this!
You purchased the oak correct?
I will send you a free replacement
I placed the order
I will like to add in a free book
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i  happy to assist
Can you provide flight details
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I know the feeling. That's why I am here to help
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Unfortunately I do not know what that means.
Have a safe flight!
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i happy to assist
Can you provide flight details
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am sorry that you are experiencing these issues. Can you provide me with your cell phone number please?
What is your phone number?
Yes we can work around it
Hi Kevin. Are you still there?
If you experiencing problem with the app, shut it down completely and restart it.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am sorry to hear this. Can you provide your flight details please?
I see that your flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving in an hour. Can you make it?
Perfect!
I am sending your details via email now
Ok have a safe flight.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you for providing this
I am checking your service area, please hold.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Your appt has been scheduled
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
I am going to update your address
What is your zip code?
Thank you!
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
Thank you
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes we can. Please hold while I attempt the charge.
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am sorry for that
Hi I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Did you order the oak shelf?
Can you verify your address and phone number?
I am going to send you out a replacement shelf free of charge. As a gift I am going to send you out a free book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like me to send?
Yes you sure can . I have place an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive in 3-5 days.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you for providing this information. I checked your account and I will send you a complimentary replacement shelf.
I would also like to send you a free book. Which book would you like?
Ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive within 5 days.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Enjoy your new book!
I am very sorry to hear this.
I will help you on the matter
Can you provide flight details please?
Ok Let me check flight details for you on the next flights out?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available to make this flight?
Ok perfect, the ticket has been booked. I will send you flight details momentarily.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
I do see that your flight was cancelled.
Let me check open flights for you
I will reschedule you for free on the first flight out which will be tomorrow at 8a. Is this a good time for you?
Ok great. Everything has bee scheduled. I will email your flight details to you shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you provide me with your new address please?
Thank you!  I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
No to worry, the tech  will install new cabling
Ok perfect , I have scheduled the appointment.
You will have cable in no time!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Priya! Thank you for contacting us!
How can we be of assistance to you?
Ok no worries. Let me look into this for you.
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I do see that you made a payment; however for some reason the bank declined it
I can retry running your card again to see if it will go through now
ok thank you. Please hold one moment
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. This is Jai from ACME. How may I help you today?
I am sorry to hear that. Let me get your flight details
Can you provide your flight details?
There is normally a $150 fee for rebooking a missed flight; however since this is your first time, I am going to waive the fee.
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this time work for you
?
Ok great. Your New flight UA 345. Window seat, 2A. I will email you flight details.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Priya!
How can we help you?
Did you purchase the oak book shelf?
Ok great. I will send you a complimentary shelf for free. As a gift for having to patiently deal with this problem, I would like to send you a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They will arrive in 2-4 business days!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Sandy! Thank you for contacting us. How may I help you today?
Ok, no worries. Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing this. Please hold while I update your account.
I updated your account. I am now going to check to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok your appt. has been scheduled. You will have internet in no time. Is there anything I can assist you with today Sandy?
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Sandy. This is Jai from ACME. How can I help you?
Ok I am sorry you are missing a piece. Did you purchase the oak shelf?
I will send you a replacement shelf free of cost
Can you verify your address?
Can you please verify your address?/
Thank you. I have placed an order for the replacement shelf. It will arrive in 3 business days.
Is there anything else we can do for you here at ACME?
Did we answer all of your questions?
ok great. have an amazing day!
Hi. Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you
Can you provide your address and phone number?
Thank you!
When did you problem begin?
your*
Ok thank you
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Since the problem seems to be a tech issue, I will create a ticket for further investigation Someone will contact in the next 2 hours
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great! Have an awesome day!
Hi Jose.
Please hold while I update your account
I have updated your account.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok great. You have been scheduled!
ok great. Have a great day!
Hi Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you verify your address and phone number?
When did the problem begin?
Thank you! Have you tried restarting the modem?
yes there is a switch on the back of the modem
Ok great!!!!!
I am so so happy we resolved this issue!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi I can help you with this
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see you did provide payment but for some reason the payment did not go through
I can retry the card on file again
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
I am so sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to give you 1 month free of service
very welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
ok great, enjoy the day!
Hey Peter, Thank you for contacting ACME. Let me assist you with this.
Could you please just verify your address or phone number for me?
Thank you Peter, standby while I just pull up your information on the system.
Is the problem only associate with your Tv?
Does your internet services still work?
Great, lets try just troubleshoot that. Have you tried restarting the system?
Ideally plugging the electronic device out from the wall socket and placing it back?
Peter are you still there?
No problem, I am standing by...
Great news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Ok sounds good. This issue will surely be resolved
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
you are very welcome!
have a great day!
I am sorry to hear you missed the flight
I am going to book you on the next available flight free of charge
Let me check for you. Thank you for your patience.
I have a flight leaving to Vegas tomorrow at noon. Does this work for you?
ok great. I will send you the details via email shortly. As a bonus, I gave you first class seating on the house.
and I found a flight leaving later today in an hour
Can you do today
ok great. I booked you on the later flight
The confirmation email has been sent
very welcome. Thank for you choosing ACME. Have an amazing day!
HI Peter, I am sorry to hear of this. Let me look into this for you. Please tell me your full address and phone number
This matches the address on file with us.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry with the Post office
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
ok have a great day!
Yes I can. What is your phone number?
Thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes we do
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
have a great day!
HI Peter!
Thank you for contacting us!
I am sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
Can you provide your telephone number?
Thank you . If i can give you 2 months free of HBO, would you reconsider staying with our service?
Yes I will waive your commitment obligations.
I am so happy that we can resolve this issue
Have a great day!
You are very welcome!
Hi. Thank you!
I will ship you a replacement shelf for free?
I have placed an order for the bookshelf
I can include a dust cleaner. Don't worry about the difference. It's on us!
You've been a great customer with us through the years!
It's our pleasure to serve you!
IS there anything else I Can help you with today?
have a great day!
Hi Jonathan! I can help you with this!
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you for your patience!
When did the problem begin?
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Yes we can try to see if this resolves the problem
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
great! I am relived
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Peter!
I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home
It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Thank you.
I am happy you are choosing to stay with ACME
IS there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Have a great day!
Hi Josh! I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home

It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Thank you so much1
I am happy that you are choosing to remain with us. We truly value your business.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. Have a good day!
I am very sorry about this
Let me pull up your account
I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take another 24 hours
Can I have your cell phone number please?
and I will follow up personally with you.
I will make sure to get your modem to you, even if I have to deliver it to you myself.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Nancy
What is your new address?
Hi Nancy. Are you still there? I am available to help you resolve this matter.
If you are having problems with the app, just close it down completely and restart it.
Hey Billy, I will be able to help you trouble shoot the problem.
Could you please provide me with either your residential address or phone number?
Thank you, for providing this information.
have you tried hard rebooting your system?
Removing the power cable from the wall socket and putting back in?
Is the problem isolated to only your cable tv? Is your internet working?
This is a very interesting  problem. What I will need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. We will contact you within 2 hours when we can verify what is causing this outage.
Yes someone will call you on your cellphone number which is on the system.
I am sorry for this, however we will do everything in our power to ensure your service is back up and running in no time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Again , I do apologize for this. But hope you have a good day
Hi I am sorry to hear you missed your flight
What are your flight details?
Thank you.
The snowstorm is really bad.
I see there is a flight leaving tomorrow back to Miami at 9a
Luckily you are going back to better warmer weather
Are you available for the flight tomorrow?
Your new Flight  info is:  UA 43, seat 12A window
The beach sounds wonderful this time of year.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are very welcome
Have a great day!
Hey Patricia, Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank standby while I input this into the sytem.
Ok I have updated you details on the system. I have also confirmed that your address is serviceable.
The earliest available appointment is 14 April. Between 2p-5p. Would this work for you?
Great, standby while I just book this appointment in the system.
OK your appointment has been booked.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have great day.
Hello Peter, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy. Could you please provide me with the order number so that I can pull up your information on the system?
Thank standby while I pull up your information.
It seems the system is backlogged . I do apologize for this. The investigation is gonna take an addition 24 hours to complete.
If you would like I can provide you with my personal email account and I will be sure to followup and let you know was soon as the investigation is complete.
You can contact me on Josi@acme.com
I completely understand.If we are unable to find your packages I will ensure that a replacement is send out to you as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will be sure to let you know as soon as possible. Have a great day.
Hi Jonathan! I am going to look into your issue.
Please verify your address and phone number
This address matches what I have got on the system
I will be opening a ticket of inquiry
to investigate this matter further
There is nothing you need to do on your end. This normally takes 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back
you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a great day!
Can you provide your order #?
Thank you
Let me pull up your account
I see there is a backlog
and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
May I have your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update
Thank you. I will ensure this problem gets resolved
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
ok great, thank you!
Hi. Please verify your address and phone number
Thank you providing this info
Since the problem did not resolve after restarting, then I am going to have to create a tech ticket for you
Someone will contact you within the next 2 hours.
Yes I send it to your email.
Can you provide me with your email?
Thank you! I have created the ticket and will contact you soon
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok good!
Enjoy the rest of your day
Hey Patricia, Let me looking into this for you. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you for providing your cellphone number, one moment please while I pull up your account details.
It seems that your last payment was declined by the bank.
It is not a problem. there are various reason for this happening. Would you like me to try re billing the credit card details which we have on the system?
Standby while I try to rebill your account.
Ok the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10 minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you and I hope your service becomes activated in no time. Have a good day.
Hey Billy, let me see what I can do to help.
Have you looking around the premise to ensure no note was left?
Could you please provide me with your address details so that I can just verify and double check all the details on the sytem?
Thank you, let me just verify with the details I have on the system, standby please.
Ok It seem the package claims to be delivered. But it is obviously not there.
What I need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. This investigation process  normally takes between 12-24 hours to happen.
Ok the ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have a good day.
Hi I am very sorry to hear this.
What is your phone number?
I see you've been a loyal customer with us for 7 years. We truly value your business. We have a home signal booster which retails for $500. I would like to offer it to you free of charge
Hopefully this will resolve your issue and you can remain with ACME.
I am happy you decided to stay with us!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
I will be happy to help.
Can you verify your mailing address
I already have your email but can you verify your home address?
I want to ensure that we have the correct address on file
Thank you.
I am going to pull up your details.
I see that we have the correct address
I am going to create a search ticket
Absolutely as that is more convenient for you
you are very weleomc
welcome*
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great!
Hi I am very sorry you are having this issue
Can you provide an order number so we can look into this matter for you?
Thank you.

I am going to pull up your details.
I see there is a backlog. What is your phone number so I Can followup with you personally?
Ok perfect, I created a ticket and I am going to contact you within 2 hours with an update.
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great!
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help you!
Did you purchase the oak?
sweet, happy we located your account.
I am sending you a replacement shelf free of charge
I placed the order and your shelf will arrive in  2 days with Priority shipping
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have a great day!
Hey Billy, I am sorry to hear that you wish to leave. Is there nothing I can do to try and improve your experience with us?
I am so sorry to hear that you are having all of these problem. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can pull up your details on the system?
Thank, please standby while I pull up this information.
Ok I have the information, I see you still have 8 months remaining on your iPhone?
Just to ensure that you are aware taking the cancelation fee into account, it will cost you $360 to cancel the remainder of the contact.
I do apologies for the dropping of the calls, however I am not sure if there is anything which I can do to reduce this cancelation fee
Give me one moment while I speak to the manager and see what I can do?
Ok it seems the best I can do is remove the $200 cancelation fee.
That bring the final amount you will need to pay is $160  for the remainder of the phone.
OK, let me just process you cancelation quickly.
OK your cancelation has been processed.
You  will receiving confirmation via mail with the final out standing amount.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. I am truly sorry to see you leave us.
I hope you have a great day.
Hi, I am sorry you are having issues with your service.
What is your phone number?
Thank you.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years. We value your loyalty. If I can offer you 3 months free service, would you consider keeping your contract with us?
I will also throw in a signal booster to alleviate your signal problems free of charge
Thank you for considering staying with us.
If service is not improved, I have made a note on your account that the cancellation fee will be waived if you call back in 3 months
Absolutely, that is what I am here for.
I love putting smiles on customer's faces
You are truly a valued customer!
Im pleased.
Is there anything else I can help you with today Mr. Coppola?
Ok awesome, well have an amazing day and thank you for choosing ACME!
Hi Patricia! I am sorry about this. Can you provide your flight details?
What is your destination?
ok and what airport are you at now?
Which city are you in so I can locate available flights?
Ok great. I have a flight leaving Aspen  tomorrow at 9a to Connecticut. Are you available to make this flight?
ok great. I have booked you on this flight
I will send you flight details via email
Is there anything else I can help you with Patricia?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi Billy! I am sorry about the delay. Let me have your order number so I can look up your account.
Thank you for this! I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
Can you provide me with your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update?
Ok perfect, thank you. I have placed  a note in your account. I have also put a request with USPS to locate your package
I will call you personally once I learn more information.
I will ensure your package gets to you
even if I have to deliver the package to you myself!
Did I resolve your issue today?
I know  USPS has been having delivery delays lately.
I will make sure to follow-up accordingly. My name is Jai Smith
You are very welcome Billy . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey there, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Pulling up the information as we speak.
OK, it seems there is currently a backlog and the investigation as taking longer than normal.
I estimate it will take an additional 24 hours.
I do apologize for this and thank you for your patients and understanding.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Hey Josh, I am sorry
I will be able to help you today.
Could you please provide me with your address details?
Thank you for the this. One moment while I pull up your information of n the system.
OK I have your information in front of me.  Lets begin the troubleshooting process.
Have you tried to reboot you system?
Could you please try removing the plug from the wall socket and putting it back in?
No problem, I will standby.
Great news:)
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Sorry for the wait. Have a great day.
Hi John! I am happy to help you on this!
Thank you for providing your address. When did the problems begin?
Ok no worries.
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Oh ok I see. Ok I can have cables priority shipped to you
I can have those at your residence by tomorrow morning
Free of charge
Ok once you receive the cables, please switch them out
and your service should be back to normal.
I am happy we came to a resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a wonderful day.
HI Peter, I will be happy to help you!
Please verify your address and phone number
Thank you. When did the problems start?
Have you retried starting the modem such as unplugging and plugging it back?
ok not a problem
ok great.
im relieved and happy
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
thank you
hold one moment
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
very welcome
Anything else I can help you with today?/
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Peter!
Sorry to hear this. I am here to help
Can you provide your address and phone number?
Have you restarted the modem?
Lets try it to see if this clears up the problem
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
Please press that
Awesome!
works everytime!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok have a great day!
Hi Peter! Please verify your address.
I am going to look up your account
this matches our records
I am creating a ticket inquiry for you.
If you do  not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day
Hi John. Was it the oak?
What is your home address?
Ok great! I am going to send you a free shelf
great. I placed the order.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great have a good day!
HI Peter! I am sorry to hear of you having issues.
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
so I can look up your account
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. We truly value your service. I would like to offer you 6 months with a 50% off discount. And to relive your signal problems, I will add in a signal booster free of charge.
Would this offer be good for you?
awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great have a good day!
Hi John! I am sorry to hear this.
I will help you
What are  your flight details: time, date and destinaiton
destination*
ok I am looking up flights now
I am going to switch you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 12p. Does this time work for you?
awesome. I will send all flight details to you now
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great. You're welcome
Enjoy your day!
Hi. I can help you resolve this!
What is your phone number and address?
Ok thank you. I have your account pulled up. Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Ok not a problem. Do I have your permission to put in a work order for you
Thank you.
I put a tech order, free of charge, to come out and repair the cables in your home.
very welcome
Did I answer all your questions?
youre welcome. have a great day!
I am sorry to hear this.
What is your order number?
Thank you
I see there is a backlog
It's going to take another 24 hours to get more information. What is your phone number?
So I can personally contact you with an update
Thank you.
I will call you once I hear an update. My name is Tyreek
Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you with this.
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you.
This matches our address on file.
I do not know what occurred however I am creating a ticket for further investigation
If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, then contact us back immediately
Is there anything else I can help you with?
have a great day
Hi Peter, I am Jai from ACME. I will be happy to assist you on this
Can you please provide your phone number and address?
Thank you. I am going to create a ticket with USPS on locating your package
This could take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back, then please contact us.
You definitely will.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Kevin!
I will be happy to help
I have updated your account
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with
ok great, have a good day
Hi Kevin
Yes I can
Can you provide me with your address and phone number?
It is ok. Is everything back up and running now?
I have created a ticket inquiry for finding your package
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours please contact us back immediately.
No worries at all.
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME!
Have a great day!
Thank you for waiting Peter
I will be happy to help you.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years
I would like to offer you a deal to stay with us
I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount
and a free signal booster
awesome thanks!
I am happy you are staying with us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome! Have a great day!
H. I can help
What is the reason for your cancellation?
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount and a free signal booster
sounds great, I am happy to hear that
Is there anything else we can do for you Kevin?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
What is your phone number
thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Im so happy that we resolved the issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great! have a good day!
I am very sorry to hear that Peter.
What is your order number?
I see that we are backlogged and its going to take another 24 hours to get more information.
Can I have your contact number?
I will call you personally
with updates on your package.
I see here that USPS has been experiencing delivery delays on their end
This is what might be holding up your package
I am very sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I am taking an additional 40% off your first month's bill.
You are very welcome. You have been a great and loyal cusotmer
customer
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please provide me with your order number so I can investigate what is going on?
Thank standby, while I look what is going on.
It seems there is a backlog on investigation and they have not gotten around to investigating your case.I suspect it could take another 24 hours, is this a problem?
I will personally make sure it does not happen, if you wish you can email me at jozi@acme.com to follow up if you do not hear from me within the next 5 hours or so.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
I will be sure to follow up for you.
Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please give me your order number so I can look it up on our system?
Cool thanks you. One moment while I pull up your account details.
Ok I have pulled up your order, It seems to be a 5 shelf oak bookcase?
No problem, let me order you a new shelf.
standby while I do so.
OK the shelf has been ordered, it will arrive within the next 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hi Kevin! I am sorry to hear this. What are your flight details?
Ok I will change your flight free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available?
Ok perfect, I have scheduled you on this flight. I am emailing you the tickets now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great.  You're welcome. Take care and have a safe flight
Hi!I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide your phone number and address?
I see there might be a problem with your modem
Have you tried rebooting the system
Ok I would suggest trying that
yay!
I am relieved
IS there anything else you can help me with?
Hi I can help you on this!
I am pulling up your account using your name
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you!
Have you tried rebooting the system
There is a blue button on the back of your modem
How is the service?
yay!
I am happy
IS there anything else I can help you with??
awesome
Well have a great day!
Hi Kevin! I am sorry you are experiencing problems
What is your cell phone number?
ok thank you
I see you have been a customer for the last 7 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
50% off for the next 6 months
and a free signal booster
I will make a note on your account that we will waive your cancellation fee
If you are still unhappy with the service
good, im pleased.
Is there anything else i can help you with?
great!
Thank you for contacting us!
I will be happy to help
Please verify your phone and address
thank you for verifying
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
since there seems to be a problem on USPS end
I am going to get to the bottom of it for you
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
If we cannot locate your modem or contact you within 24 hours  then please feel free to contact us back1
I will place a note in your account
IS there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a great day!
HI Kevin! I can help you!
Please verify your adress
Thank you so much!
I am going to take a look into your account.
Looks like there is a problem with USPS
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, thank you!
Hi Patricia! I am Tyreek. Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
So i can access your account.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
What are the issues you been experiencing?
Ok I see. I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
Give me one minute while I check something on your account
Which phone do you currently have?
I can upgrade you to the iphone 6
free of charg
charge*
For you, anything is possible. Because ACME truly values you and want to show you that we are the best, I will honor your request
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with
ok. have a great day!
Hi, I am sorry to hear of this. Can you provide your phone number?
So i can access your account.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
Does this offer sound good to you?
Ok great, i'm relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great! Have an awesome day!
Hi Patricia! I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
I am checking your account, please hold
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
I have created a ticket for you
This surely will. I will make sure your package is delivered safely even if that means I deliver it to you myself.
I will call you back in an hour with an update.
My name is Sam
from ACME
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome have a great day
HI Kevin! I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
I would like to check your account
I am checking your account, please hold
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
I am going to get to the bottom of this!
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have put an urgent request through with USPS to locate your package
I am going to personally call you to follow up on the investigation
Does this work for you?
Hi Kevin, are you still there?
Hi Eddy! Can you provide me with your account number?
Thank you!
When did the problem begin?
Have you retried restarting the modem? If not, there is a purple button on the back of the device. Please press it and count to 5. The modem will reboot.
Let me know when you have done this.
How is your service now?
perfect
I am relieved
Me as well. I am always happy to help our loyal customers
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, Have an awesome day!
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help you
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you!
When did the issue begin?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Did this resolve the issue?
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem
Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
The ticket has been created.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have a great day!
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help yo
you*
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you!

When did the issue begin?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem

Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
The ticket has been created
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Thank you and have a great day!
Hi Hannah. I can assist you
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. This matches the address on file.
I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
The investigation process typically take 24 hours
You are very welcome. If you do not hear from anyone in 24 hours, please contact us back
One of our reps will be contacting you via phone and/or email. I made a note to give you a call
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
I can assist you

Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
The ticket has been created.
Expect a follow up call within 24 hours, if you do not hear back from us, please contact us back
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.
Can you please verify your cell phone number?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
As we truly value your business,  I will honor that request
This goes in effect starting tomorrow
yes you will
Give me one second while I update your account..
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day today! You are very welcome!
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.

Can you please verify your cell phone number?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
Sweet! I am sure the signa booster will improve your service overall.
I will make a note in your account to waive your cancellation fee if you choose to cancel
Give me one second while I update your account..
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day today!
Hi I am very sorry about this.
Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
Ok not a problem. I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
Absolutely. My name is Roger and my badge ID is 3476. I have also made a note in your account to credit your account $75 for the inconvenience on our end.
I am happy to have been able to help you.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
Not to worry. We will get to the bottom of this!
Thank you for choosing ACME. Enjoy the rest of your morning!
Hi Peter! I will be happy to assist you
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am sorry
I see that there is an issue in your area in regards to cable shutdowns
Our team sent out a package to you with new cables however I see you did not get that new package with the new cables
What I can do is create a new ticket so you can get your new modem
This process normally is complete within 24hours
If you do not hear back from me in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Unfortunately it will. I can suggest another solution.
Have you tried restarting your modem?
ok I will hold
Ok I made a note.
I put a rush priority delivery on your account so that modem gets to you quickly.
Thank you for choosing ACME! You enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi I am very sorry about this.

Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.
Are you referring to your cable service?
Hi, are you still experiencing issues with the channel connectivity?
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.

Are you referring to your cable service?
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
And the problem still persists?
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
ok great! Have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
ok ill hold
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
problem still persists?
ok ill hold
Ok great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome, have a great day!!!!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this. I am going to help you with this
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thanks this matches the address on file
I am going to make a note inquiry on account to locate your package.
I also made a note that you did not sign for the package. This investigation takes up to 24 hours
Yes, however if you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
ok great, enjoy the beautiful weather!
Hi. I can help
Please verify your address and phone number.
This matches the information we have on file.  I am going to create a ticket to investigate the location of your package.
Please hold
The ticket has been created. It take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us, please give us a call.
Now that the ticket has been created, is there anything I can help you with today?
ok. have a great day!
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear about this. Can you verify your phone number please?
I see you have been a customer for a while now
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
50% off for 6 months plus a free signal booster to fix those signal problems.
Sounds good. I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
ok sweet. have a great day.
Hi, I am very sorry to hear this.
Can you provide me with your cell phone and address so I can look up your account?
Thank you. This matches the address on file. I am going to open up a ticket to investigate the whereabouts of  your package
I looked up your account by your name
I am creating a personal ticket for me to locate your package. Is it possible for me to call you within 2 hours with an update.
I want to talk with USPS on this
Thank you!
I will give you a call shortly
Is there anything else I can assist you with
ok great, have an amazing day!
I am very sorry. Let me look into this for you.
What is your order number so I can access your account?
thank you. I am going to call you personally once I get an update from USPS
I completely understand. I want to ensure you get this modem as well
For our mistake, I would like to offer a $75 credit to your account.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
ok great. Have an awesome day!
Hi I am very sorry to hear this!
What is your phone number?
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
I definitely think it will. The signal booster is our top of the line reception booster. It retails at $675 but I am going to give it to you for free
I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
?
Ok great, You're welcome. Have a wonderful rest of your day!
What is your phone number?
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
I am sure it will work. It is our top of the line booster and retails at $675 which I am offering to you free of charge
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this! I will be happy to look into this for you.
Can you provide your  order number?
Ok not a problem. I can look it up using your phone number.
Please hold.
I see there is a backlog in our system causing the delay in the investigation.  I can take another look into this for you
Is it possible that I can contact you within 2 hours with an update as I want to get to the bottom of this!
Yes I do promise. Customer service is our number 1 priority!
My name is Howard.
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I Can help you with
you are very welcome. have a great day
Hi. This is Howard from ACME. How may I help you?
Can you please verify your phone number and address so I can access your account?
Thank you. Have you retried rebooting the modem?
Ok not a problem.
I am going to put in a tech support ticket for you.
I have created the ticket
This will take 24 hours
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
I am making a note that someone contact you so as not to trouble you
But in the chance you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
You are absolutely welcome!
Have a great day and take care!
Hi! This is Tanya from ACME. How may I help you?
I am sorry to hear of your problem. Can you verify your phone number and address please?
I am seeing that this address matches the one on file.
I am on hold with USPS
I am going to put in a ticket request on your account.
I am sorry, we are experiencing technical difficulties on our end. Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
I will have an update within 24 hours. I will have an agent get in contact with you in the next 24 hours
I expect that you should have your modem very shortly. This is why we have to run an investigation to see where the package was located
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
You are very welcome.
Would there be anything else?
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi. This is Tanya. I am sorry to hear this. Allow me to help.
What is your account number?
Ok thank you. Let me access your account. Please hold.
I see there is  backlog on our end and this investigation will take another 24 hours.
I am going to speak to my manager to get directly in contact with USPS
I am going to call you within the next 2 hours with an update
I am going to handle your issue personally
I would like to extend a $75 credit to your account for having to deal wit this as its caused so much inconvenience.
I myself would be upset so I completely understand how you feel.
I am relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You definitely well.
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi Pat. I will take care of your request.
Can you provide your phone number so I can access your account?
Thank you. I see you have been a customer for over 5 years. We value your loyalty.
Can you explain why you would like to cancel your service with ACME?
I would like to offer you our top of the line signal booster
It retails for $675 but I can offer to you for free
and I would like to give you 6 months at 50% off
Thank you for considering our offer.
We really do value your loyalty.
We are committed to making sure you are happy.
I will even extend the offer to 1 full year at the 50% discount
You are very welcome
Was I able to help you today?
Do you want to get back to me with your decision or have you already decided?
ahh this is great news!
I am happy
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great! Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Hi, I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you. When did the problem begin?
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Sometimes this helps with the problem
There is a blue button on the back of your modem/router. Please hold that down.
Ok I will hold
I will hold. Let me know if the problem still persists
great, I am happy.
It works everytime.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
great, I am happy.

It works everytime.
Is there anything else I cane help you with?
Hi, are you still there?
Hello Pat, How can I help you today?
Has the complaint been processed or would you like to create a complaint?
If you provide me with your order number I will gladly look to see what I can do.
Thanks you, please standby while I research what is going on.
OK, it seems we are currently experiencing a backlog.  For this reason we have not gotten around to processing the investigation.
What I can do is bump you in the queue and your investigation should be processed within the next 3 hours. I will personally ensure this gets done.
I will also contact you once it is done
If you have any additional questions you are welcome to contact me on jozi@acme.com
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi ! Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Can you please update me with your name & new address
Thank you
I have updated the system
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
I do not see any problems in your area . I can have a technician come out to your area tomorrow to do the install
Are you available at 10a or 2p tomorrow?
ok. I have scheduled you for the 10a
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
ok great, have a wonderful afternoon!
Hi. This is Trevor from ACME. May I have your cell phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Ok please hold.
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting us.
May I have your name and new address please?
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Your account has been updated. I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a technician come out to do the installation tomorrow at 10a and 2p. Which time works best for you?
ok perfect. the installation has been scheduled
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
great, have an awesome day
Hi. I can help you with this.
What is your new address?
Thank you
Please hold while I update your account.
Your account has been updated
I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Which time works best for you? 10a or 11a?
Ok great, I have scheduled your appt.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi. I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your name and new address?
ok. please hold while i update your account
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great. have a good day!
Hi
I can help you with this!
Can you update me with your billing info?
ok. please hold while i update your account
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
great
Does this time frame work for you?
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are very welcome
Have a great day!
Hi. I can help you
Can you verify your name, number and address
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
Hi. I can help you

Can you verify your name, number and address
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
Hi, I can help you
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good!
Is there anything else i can help you with?
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi, I can help you
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else i can help you with?
have a great day!
Hi. I will be happy to help you
Thank you for your patience.
Can you explain the problem you are having?
I am going to have to create a ticket for you
Can you provide your address and phone number
Thank you. Please hold while I check your account
I am updating your account
and the problem is still persisting after your reboot?
Hi, are you still there?
I can help you with this
Thank you for your patience.
Can you verify your address
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
I am seeing that there is no update with USPS
I am going to have to create a ticket for an investigation
I have created the ticket
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME.
We truly value your business!
Hi, I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ok perfect, I am going to schedule you for this time frame.
Everything is all set on our end.
We will see you tomorrow.
Do you need any more help?
Ok great, I am happy to have spoken with you today.
I hope I answered all your questions.
You are very welcome!
Have an amazing day!
I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for this.
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes I will have the tech come out to you free of charge.
You are very welcome!
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Take care!
I can help you with this

Thank you for your patience.

Can you verify your address
Hi thank you for providing me
with this.
I am looking up your account.
I will create a ticket
This investigation takes about 24 hours
If someone does not contact with you within 24 hours please do not hesitate to contact us back
Yes I am still here. Did I resolve all your issues today?
awesome.
Well you have a great day
Hey Josh, I will be able to assist you today, Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Thank, one moment while I investigate  and pull up your information.
OK it seem you are correct, the system states that your modem was delivered. Is there no note left by the delivery agent?
I do apologies for this sir, it seems you are correct and they did require your signature.  What I can do is create a ticket for further investigation and agent will contact you once  the investigation is complete.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was pleasure assisting you, Have a great day further.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please give me your order number so I that I can look what is going on?
Thank you standby while I investigate please.
I have looked on the system and I see that it does state that the package was delivered. Have you looked to see if any note was left by the agent?
I apologize for this, let me create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will contact you within the next 24 hours to let you know what the outcome is.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your patients. We will be sure to contact you promptly. Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will gladly be willing to help you with your cable. What problem are you experiencing?
Is your internet currently working? Could you also provide me with your phone information and I will be able to have a look what is going on from my side.
Thank you. Have you tried to restart you system? Pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
That is great news, Kevin.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day,
Hello Kevin, I am able to assist you today. Could you please specify your new address details.
Sorry for the wait.
Thank you, standby while I update your information.
Your information have been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is April the 14th between 9a and noon. Does this work for you?
Great let me booked this in for you.
OK , the appointment has been scheduled. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you for your time. Have a good day further.
Hey Patricia, it will be my pleasure to assist you. Could you please specify you new address details?
Thank standby while I update your information.
Your information has been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is between 9a and noon, does this work for you?
Will you be present at this time?
I great, let me book this in for you.
OK your appointment has been scheduled, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for you time. Have a great day. Was  a pleasure assisting you.
Hi Robert! I will be happy to help you
Can you provide me with your new address?
Thank you for providing me with this information
I am updating your account with your new address
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience
I have updated your account
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
This should only take a few more seconds.
Great news, there is nothing wrong with the service in your area
You will be back up in no time
I can have a tech come out to do the install on the 15th at 11a.
Will someone be home?
perfect. I have put your appointment in. I gave you the first available slot.
ahh no worries. My pleasure!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
great!
Take care!
Hi Hannah! I will be happy to help you
How can I help you today?
Hi William, are you still there?
Hey Jonathan, let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number so I can pull up your details on the system?
It seems you are paid up. However is seems you have made a large amount of phone calls this month. The service provide believes that it was fraudulent.
Have you been using your phone a lot this month?
It is just over and above your normal pattern.
I am sorry Jonathan, it is mainly to just ensure no abuses are made. What I can do is reactive your account and also state you feel uncomfortable with us tracking your information.
I have reactivated your account and I have also made a note to not track your information any more.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you, same for you.
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait.
Thank you fro providing me with your cellphone number. Let me quickly look on the system what could be causing the problem
OK, it seem that over the past month a lot of phone calls have been made from your phone. The service provider marked the phone calls as suspicious.
What I can do is reactive your account. As I believe this was a mistake from our side.
OK you account should be activated now. I do apologies for this. I have also made a note that this will not happen again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
it was a pleasure helping you have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear you got snowed out. Let me assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Could you please specify flight number of the flight which you missed?
Thank you, let me pull up the information from that flight to assist me with booking you your new flight
It seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather.
I will be able to booked you a new flight, for of charge, I have two flights available. one for tonight at 8p and the other tonight at 9p
which would you like?
OK standby while I book your flight for you.
I am glad you will not be spending the weekend at the airport.
OK your tickets have been booked. You should be receiving an email with your tickets shortly.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Hi. I can help you  with this issue.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
I see that there was an issue with the bank processing your card. I am going to run the card again. This usually clears up the problem
May I try?
Please hold.
Good news , the card went through this time
Your service will be restored within the next 15 minutes
It was nothing to do with you.
For some reason your payment did not go through
But I ran the card again and it worked.
Your service will be restored in a few minutes
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear this. Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Thank you for providing me with this information. Quickly investigating and pulling up your information.
OK I have had a looked and it seems that flight was canceled due to bad weather.  So I wil be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
I have two tickets available. One for tonight at 8p and the other for 11p. Would either of these work for you ?
Great, standby while I booked your tickets for you.
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Sorry for the wait. Let me try and assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Sure thing, I have looked and it seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
I have two flight for you one 9p and the other 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
Standby while I booked you ticket for you.
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via the email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Hi Kevin! Thank you for your patience
I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you
I am checking your account now. Please hold.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
The payment went through
Your cell service will be restored in about 5 minutes
You should have full bars shortly
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today.
?
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Hi Patricia! Thank you for patience. I will be happy to assist you!
Can you provide your phone number?
Thank you. I am checking your account now.
Please hold.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
You are welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, Enjoy the rest of your afternoon
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait. Let me help you troubleshoot this.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
And this did not help? Is your internet currently still working?
If you can provide me with your address or phone number I will be able to find out what is going on from this side.
OK i have your details in front of me. It seems there is currently an outage in your area.
What I can do however is to create a ticket so that they will notify you as the status changes and the problem is attended to.
OK the ticket has been created. as the status changes your will receive smses. IS there anything else I can assist you with?
Hope you have a great day.
Hello Robert. Sorry for the wait. I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
Sorry for making you wait. I was just verifying your flight.
It seems it was canceled and thus I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
I have two available flight, both for tonight one at 9p and the other at 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
Great, I have booked your tickets, you should be receiving them via email now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, in that case. I hope you have a great day.
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Standby while I update you address and also check that we do service your new address.
You address is serviceable.  The earliest appointment  I have is for 14 April between 11a and 2p? Would this work for you?
Thank you, let me schedule the appointment for you.
Ok your appointment has been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day further.
Hey Robert, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up your information.
OK it seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
No problem sir, if you would like I can try to re bill the card information which I have on the system?
Standby while I do so.
Ok the transaction was successful. Your service should be active within the next 15min.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Was my pleasure. Have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Thank let me update your address and ensure we can service the new address.
OK we do service this address, the earliest appointment which I can schedule is for the 15 April  between 3p and 5p?
does this work for you ?
Great, I have confirmed the appointment.
is there anything else which I can assist you with ?
Thank you for your time.
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day
Hi. I will be able to assist you!
Can I place you on hold?
Can you provide me with your name and address
Thank you
I am looking it up for you
Your address matches our records.
I have to create a ticket to investigate your missing package
This process takes about 24 hours to complete
I have made the notation on your account
You do not have to do anythinf
anything.
I took care of all of it
Was there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you for being patient with us. I am going to place an $100 credit on your account
This credit will appear on your statement tomorrow
You have been loyal to us and this is our way of saying Thank YOu
You are welcome. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Thank you for holding!
I will be happy to assist you
Can you verify your name and address please?
Thank you
I have located your records . I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
This normally takes up to 24 hours to resolve
Everything is all set as I have created the ticket.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi. Thank you for your patience. I will be happy to assist you
Please provide me with your address and phone number?
Thank you!
I am checking your account
When did the problem begin?
Ok, thank you
Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Ok I will hold while you restart the modem.
perfect!
I am happy!
That trick works everytime!
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have an amazing rest of your day!
Hi I can assist you. Thank you for holding.
Can you provide your address?
I am very sorry for the wait . I apologize for the inconvenience.
Thank you for providing this information. When did your cable service stop working?
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Does the problem still persist/
I am very sorry for the long wait
We are experiencing connection issues; however our tech team is working on the issue now
In regards to your modem, have you tries resetting the modem? This usually clears up the connection issue that you are experiencing.
Perfect!
Works every time!
I am pleased.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome. Thank you for your time. For your patience, I am putting a credit on your account for $150
You are very welcome. My pleasure!
Well you enjoy the rest of your day!
Happy watching!
Hey Nancy, I will be happy to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Thank you standby while I update your address and ensure we can service your new address.
OK, your information has been updated and we do service your new address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 15 April between 3p-6p, would this work for you?
Let me schedule this appointment for you.
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Thank you, was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hi, thank you for holding.  I will be happy to assist you!
Can you provide your full name on the account as well as your address
Thank you
I have your account pulled up
When did the problem begin?
Thank you
Have you tried restarting the modem?
And the problem still persists?
I am going to put in a technical support ticket to investigate the issue that you are experiencing!
I have created the ticket
You are all set. We will contact you within 2 hours with an update
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
ok enjoy the rest of your day!
Hey Patricia, I am sorry to hear about your modem. Let me see what I can do to help you.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
OK Patricia,  What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
Thank you, will will include this in the ticket for further investigation.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you in the mean time?
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear that your modem is missing. Let me assist you with finding your modem. Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
OK Kevin, What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
It was a pleasure assisting you.
have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your new address details?
Thank you let me update this information on our system.
Thank you for your patients. Your information has been updated. I am also able to service your address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 16 April between 3-5P
does this work for you?
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hello Robert, I can help you with that.
could you please provide me with your account number or cellphone number associated with that account
great let me pull up your account
I have your account open . It seems that you have not paid you billed for this pay period
sure I can do that for you. Would you like me to use the same card that is associated with your account?
If the card ending in 12345 is the card you like us to sue then we would be happy to use that to update your bill
Great let em put that though and give you a confirmation number for you to have.
Your payment has gone through correctly.   Your confirmation number is 123455.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Great thank you for calling ACME.  Have a great day!
Hi Kevin , I can help you with that today
what is your account number or cellphone number associated with your account
Great let me pull your information up in my system
can you verify your address in our system
can you verify your address in our system
well the problem is the package was sent to 2749 Conway.  I can have that updated and see if we can track the package to get it back to you.  Please hold for one second while I look up your package.
The tracking number ends in 12345 and its seems that it has been returned to the local USPS.  I'll have the package resent tomorrow to the correct address.
is there anything else I can help you with today
great thank you for calling ACME and look forward hearing from you again.
Take care
Hey Kevin, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I update the system with your information.
I mean while I investigate.
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, let me try and re the payment information which we have on our records.
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Hey Dannie, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, standby while I investigate what is going on.
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
There are multiple reasons for this happening. What I can do is try and re bill your payment information and see if it is successful.
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It was a pleasure assisting you, hope you have a good day further.
Hey Robert. I am sorry to hear about package going missing . Could your provide me with your order number so that I can look what is going on from my side?
Thank you, let me have a quick  look if I seem something weird...
OK, I do not know what is going on. I believe the agent must have made a mistake. Just to verify there is no note on your premises?
I understand. unfortunately what I am gonna need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. An agent will contact you and let you know of the outcome and what actions we will take.
This process normally take 24 hours to complete.
I do apologize for this
Thank you for understanding, the ticket has been generated.
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
It was a pleasure assisting you, I hope you have a good day further.
Hey Kevin, thank you for this information. I am sorry for the wait. Let me assist you with returning home as soon as possible.
OK it seems the original flight which you missed was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to book you new tickets free of charge.
The next available flight I have are for tonight at 8p and 11p
would either of these work for you?
How does the 8p flight sound? That will mean you get home sooner?
Your ticket has been booked. You should have received the information via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you
Hi I can help you.
I am sorry to hear of your phone issue. Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
Thank you
I see here that for some reason the payment was declined by the bank
I will attempt to recharge the card
Do I have your permission to run the card again?
I have some good news
The payment now went through
I knew this would work. Service will be restored back to normal in 10 minutes
Most certainly but I ensure your service will work properly from now on in
you are very welcome. Was there anything I could help you with today?
ok great, have an amazing day!
Hello William, my name is Bob with ACME.  I can help you with this
What is your account number associated with your old account
Hello? William?
William?
Hi Kevin, that is terrible news.  I can help you with that.
Please send me the confirmation number form your preexisting flight number your were supposed to be on
Great, thank you.  Please give me a second to look up that flight and see how we can get you home.
I have to options for you to consider to get home today.
First Flight is leaving at 4pm and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am.
the other flight is leaving at 6 and landing at BWI at 0000 tonight
which option do you think works best for you?
Great.  Please let me update your travel arrangements and give you a confirmation number
All set.  You will be flying out of Place X and arriving at BWI at 0000, tonight.  Your confirmation number is the following: MMMM123456
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you Kevin and safe travels.
Good bye
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. I am sorry for the wait. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can look what is going on?
Thank you for this, let me have a look what is causing the problem.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
Sure thing, let me do this now for you.
OK the transaction was successful.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day further.
Hey Patricia, I am sorry for the wait, especially considering that you were snowed in prior to this. Let me help you return home promptly.
Hey Patricia, are you there?
Could you please provide me with your missed flight details?
Thank you for providing me with this.
The earliest flights I have available is tonight at 9:30p and 11:15p
would either of these work for you?
The 9:30p flight?
OK your tickets have been booked. You will receive them via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Enjoy your flight home.
Safe travels. Have a good day
Hello Kevin, I am sorry for the wait.
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service.  Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
What if i give you 10% and 2gb of fast data for the remainder of your contact?
I have updated your account details. How is your service at your house? I can also provide you with a signal booster which will help improve your reception at your house.
OK one moment while I order a new signal booster for you.
OK it have been ordered.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Hey Josh, I am sorry for the wait
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service. Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
I could provide you with a signal booster for your house?
This will allow you to have full signal in and around your house.
Sure, let me place a order for you signal booster. It should be delivered within the next 3-4 business days.
OK your signal booster has been ordered.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope your reception problem is solved.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about the problems you have been experiencing.
Is there nothing I can do to try and improve the experience you are getting?
What if I drop or try and match the other carriers prices?
I will need to verify with my supervisor if that is possible.
Alternatively what if I offered your 10% off and gave you additional 2gb of fast data per month?
Great, I will definitely be able to offer you this. One moment while I just alter your account details.
OK your account has been updated.
Is there any specific problem in our service which I could try and help fix?
How is the reception at your house?
If you provide me with your works zip code I will be sure to send a technical staff to improve the performance.
Thank you, let me just create the ticket to improve that for you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi I will be happy to assist you
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Hi Jonathan, are you still there? Did we lose connection?
No you do not need to. I see that you missed your flght.
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Hi I will be more than happy to help you on this?
What is your flight details?
I will book you on the next flight out tomorrow morning
There is a flight leaving at 830A
Does this work for you
awesome!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
awesome great!
have a good day!
Hi I will be happy to assist you with this
What is your address and phone number?
Thank you for providing this information
When did the problem begin?
Ok
Have you tried to restart the modem?
This could clear up the problem
perfect!
Is there any of concern of yours?
ok perfect, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi Dannie, sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you make sure this doesn't happen again.
What is your account number associated with your account
Great thank you.  Please let me pull up your account information.  Standby.
I do see that you requested a signature when delivering the package.  I'm not sure why this was still delivered.
I will add a note to your account to make sure this doesn't happen again.  No problem.  Please give me a second while arrange the second package for you.
All set. I added the note about requiring a signature for delivery and processed the second package to be sent to you expedited free of charge.
In a second I will provide a confirmation number you will need to keep for your records.
Here is your confirmation number: aklasdfhjsl12341234.  Please keep this number for your records.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great,  thank you for calling ACME and have a wonderful day!
Hi I will be happy to help you
What is your address and phone number?
I am still looking over your account notes
I am sorry for the wait.
I am making a notation that you did not sign for the package.
I created your ticket
Yes within 24 hours
If not, please contact us
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I will be happy to assist you

Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination pleas
I do see that your flight was cancelled
I will rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10p or Sunday at 1p, Which time works for you?
Ok perfect. I am going to email you all the flight details to you.
You will receive them shortly.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok perfect , Thank you for choosing ACME! You have a wonderful day!
I will be happy to help you.
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
I see you have been a customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us
I am very sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
I would like to offer you 35% off for 7 months and ill give you a signal booster free of charge. The signal booster retails for $495
Perfect, just for you, I will throw in 50%
perfect!
I am hapy
happy*
Im so excited I cannot even type. :-)
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Ok great have a good day!
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you with that.  Please give me the phone number associated with your account.
Great thanks, I have pulled up your account and I need to verify a couple of information with you.  What is your mother;s maiden name?
Great.   I'm looking at you account and it does show that modem was delivered today at 1100.  I do see a problem, the delivery confirmation states that the delivery was made to an address not posted on your account.
The delivery was sent to you address 467 Broadway not 476 Broadway that you have on you account.  Please give me a second to update this and get a modem out to you as soon as possible.
While I compile the order to your correct address, would like like to add a feature to request a signature apon delivery?
No we will have our team go and retrieve the modem delivered to the wrong address.
I will add that feature to your account for future orders.  Please give me second to make that adjustment.
all set.  I will have the new modem sent out to you with expedited shipping, free of charge.
your confirmation number is the following asfasfas1341234.  Please keep this in your records.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no problem. Have a great day.  Take care and thank you for using ACME.
Hey Kevin , I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your address so that I can have a look what is going on in the backend.
Thank you.
While I look, mind trying to force reset your system by pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
OK I am looking at your information. It seems like everything should be working.
Great,
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day further.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear you are not happy with our service. Is there nothing which I can do to convince you to stay?
would a 10% discount work for you ?
I am unable to offer that for you.
Sure let me process your cancelation order.
Just to confirm to process the cancelation order, it will cost you $360
OK your cancelation order has been processed. You will be receiving the information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sorry to see you leave see, have a good day.
Hey Kevin, let me help you.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you.
Looking at the system the best I can do is offer you a 20% discount of the remainder of the your cellphone contact.
OK let me update you account information.
Ok your information has been updated.
Is there anything else which I can do to try improve your experience?
Have a great day.
Hi I can process this for you
I pulled up your account
I am making a ticket to investigate the matter. I will have someone contact you in the next 2 hours.
Will this work for you
I just checked with USPS and your package is en route now
You should receive by end of day today
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hi Patricia!
I will be able to help you
you are very welcome
I pulled up your account. Have you tried to restart the modem?
This usually clears up the problem
Ok I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Are you available tomorrow at 10a for a home visit?
perfect! I have set up the appointment
You are all set.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great have a good day!
Hi I will be able to help you
I pulled up your account by your name
I see they are still investigating. This will take another 2 hours
Can I have your number so I can call you personally?
Thank you
I will call you back within the hour to update you on the status of the package
Is there anything else I can help you with today
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I can help you
I am pulling up your account.
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
since you do not have your package
please hold
The ticket has been created
You will get a call from an agent within the hour
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Hey Dannie, let me assist you. Could you please provide me with your missed flights details?
Pulling up the flight details.
It seems that flight was canceled.
So I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
I have two flight available. One at 6p and the other at 8p.
would either of these help?
Great, let me booked you in for this flight and have an email sent with the ticket information.
OK done, your should have the ticket in your inbox.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you for the compliment. I hope you have a safe trip home.
Sure thing Robert. have you tried to restart your system?
OK could you provide me with your residential address so that I can look up what is going on?
OK, standby while I investigate.
Ok, I am not sure what is causing the problem. Let me create a ticket which for further investigation. A representative will contact you once we are able to establish what is cause the problem.
OK, standby while I update you information.
I mean create the ticket.
Ok your ticket has been created.
A representative should be calling you soon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
Hey Jonathan, have you tried to restart your system?
No problem, let me know when you are ready
Great news. Hope you enjoy your cable again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.
My name is Bob from ACME and I can help you with that.
What is your account number or phone number associated with your account
Thank you, please give me a second to look at your information.
ACME truly appreciates your business, please let me bring this to  my manager to see how we can keep you a part of ACME.
I understand  and we will do whatever we can to get the best deal for you.
My manager has given me permission to offer you a 25% reduction on your monthly bill.  This will drop you payments by $15 a month.  Would this be acceptable for you to stay with us at ACME?
Great news!
This will be reflected on  your next billing cycle.  Thank you deciding to stay with us.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Great, have a great day and thank you for being a valuable member of the ACME family!
Hello Patricia , Sorry to hear that . My name is Jay Kennedy and I will be  happy to help you with that.
Please provide me your account number so I can take a look.
Sorry to hear that.  Maybe I can help
I am looking at your account and I will go and speak with my manager to see what we can do to keep you apart of ACME
My manager has given me the ability to reduce your monthly plan by 15.00 per month for being a valuable customer.  This would reduce your monthly payments by 25%.  Does that help keep you with us?
We are currently upgrading our system to avoid such troubles in the future.
I have made the arrangements to your account.  You will see the change in your bill on your next billing cycle.
Thank you for choosing to stay with us.  Is there anything else I can do you for you?
Great!
On behalf of ACME we would like to thank you for being such a valuable customer!  Have a great day.
Hi I will help
I have pulled up your flight details
I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. have a safe flight!
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
I am sorry to hear this. The snow has been rather a lot this season
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.

Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great have a good day
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great have a good day!
Hi I will help I have pulled up your flight details. I can rebook you free of charge
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
tomorrow at 8a.
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi Jon. I have pulled up your account
I see you have been a loyal customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you a free signal booster and 50% off your bill for 12 months
You are very welcome.
I am happy!
Thank you for choosing ACME. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
ok great, Thank you soooo much! I really appreciate that! Have a good day!
Yes I can
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Has service restored?
Ok no worries
I have a creating a tech support ticket for you
I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
at 6p if that works for you
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
great!
Hey Bobby, let me assist you with this.
Can you please provide me with your residential address?
Thank you.
Ok first things first. Have you tried to restart you system?
And this did not help?
OK let me just verify what is going on from my side.
OK it seems like everything is ok from my side. Let me try and do a line reset from my side. One moment.
Ok it has been reseted, are you channels visible now?
Great. I am sorry for the interruption in service.
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Thank you for providing this!
I can help you with this quickly so your back to power
Please restart the modem
Has service restored
Don't feel stupid at all
It happened to me once
All good!
You're welcome. Well you have a great day!
Yes I can
I have the perfect solution to this problem
Please restart the modem and tell me if service restores
Ok no worries.

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you.

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
around 6p tonight
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Very welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you for providing this!

I can help you with this quickly so your back to power

Please restart the modem
Ok no worries

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
What time works for you
ok great, 6p.
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I can help you
What is your cell phone number?
Thank you
I see youve been a loyal customer for 10 years
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off
and a free signal booster
Yes certainly
I am happy
I am so happy I was able to help
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great, have a good day!
I  can help you

What is your cell phone number
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off

and a free signal booster
The booster will fix all your reception issues
I can do 25% off for two years
Would that work?
Actually I spoke tomy manager
We will honor 30% off for two years
Yes absolutely
Perfect. Another happy customer!
Is there anything I can offer to bring you to full happiness?
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Yay!
Perfect!
Now that makes my day...another happy customer
I will put the booster in the mail today.
You are very welcome!
Now that we took care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
I am sorry to hear this and I want to make sure you are happy at all cost
If you wish to cancel, then there is a $200 cancellation fee since you still have 8 months left on your contract
I am sorry to see you leave. I personally am going to speak to my manager to see if there is anything we can do since I completely understand your frustration
Ok, not a problem. I will create a cancel ticket.
Service will be deactivated May 1st
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Yes absolutely
That will be fine
Great!
I took care of that for you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Sure thing Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our services.
Is there nothing which I can do to try and improve the service or encourage your to stay with us?
Ok let me have a look what it will cost to get you out of this contract. Taking the the remainder of the 8 month owed on the iPhone and also the cancelation fee. It will work out to roughly $360
Sure I can do that for you. Let me process this cancelation order
OK the cancelation order has been processed. You should be receiving all information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I hope you have a great day.
HI I will be able to help you.
What is your new address?
Thank you for providing me with this information. I have just updated your account
Yes  I can
My earliest available appointment is tomorrow at 10a
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
sweet. Have a great day!
I can help you
I have already pulled up your account
When did your problem start?
No problem
I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Will you be available tomorrow morning at 10a?
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
sweet. Have a great day!
Hi I can help
Can you provide your cell phone number?
It looks like you've been with us for a long time. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay
10 months at 50% off
I am sending you a free signal booster to help with the reception issues
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
have a great day!
Hi Yes I can
What is your phone number?
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
This usually fixes the problem
Thank you
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have a good day!
Thank yo
Thank you!
I have located your flight. I can rebook you at no charge
I have a flight leaving tonight at 8p
First class complimentary
Are you available?
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great, have an amazing day and safe flight!
Ok I can help you
What is your address?
thank you
I see that the package was left but I also noted that you did not sign for it
I am going to create a ticket to investigate the matter
I will send you out another one as well
You dont have to worry about anyting
I have taking care of it all
awesome. Have a great day!
Thank you
I have updated your account with the details
I am checking to make sure the service area is good
Thank you
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Sweet!
I will schedule you for 10a
awesome
You are all penciled in!
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You are very welcome!
Thank you. Please hold while I access your account
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Oh it is not your fault at all.
The card went through. I think there was a glitch with the bank's processing servers.
Service will be restored in 10 minutes
Aww my pleasure helping you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great. Enjoy!
I will be happy to help you!
I pulled up your flight details.
I can put you on the next flight available free of charge
And if I have first class seats I will upgrade you free of charge
The next flight out is at 8a tomorrow morning
Are you available?
You are very welcome
I have sent you the flight details via email.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hi. Thank you
I found your account
The address matches what we have on file.
I will be opening up a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You will be contacted once the investigation is completed.
The investigation typically takes 24 hours to completee
If you do not hear back from someone within 24 hours, please contact us back.
I know, we are very quick here
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am sure we will. Our team is working around the clock to find your package.
Thank you
Hi, I I will be able to help you
When did the problems arise?
Does the problem still persist?
I have created a tech support ticket
I will send a technician out free of charge to check your cables
Will you be home tomorrow at 12p
sweet!
I will schedule the appointment right now
In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great . I have scheduled the appointment.
Have a great day!
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear that you unhappy.
What is your cell phone number?
You have been a loyal customer for 15 years. I would like to offer you a deal. What problems have you been experiencing?
Ok I see
To alleviate your reception issues, I am going to offer you a free signal booster
This booster retails at $675 and it improves cell reception quality by 95%
I am sending you the booster free of charge
on me!
And yes it works on 3G service.
In addition to the booster, I want to help you with the bill. 60% off for 6 months
You are very welcome.
Did I help you with everything today?
Awesome, I am pleased
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you!
ok
Hello Dani what is your old address so I can locate your account-Jody
Great I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you need service?
Let me have the new address so I can see if a technician is available in your area tomorrow for 2pm
I need your new address for new install service please
Will someone be home tomorrow at noon to receive the technician? Install should take 1-2 hours to complete.
Great. I have you set up for tomorrow at noon at 4972 Tyler Ave for new installation service. Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you have a great day enjoy your new service!
Hello Emily what is the address you would like new service?
I have a technician in the area tomorrow. Will there be someone home tomorrow between 2-4pm for the new installation?
OK great I have you set up for new installation for tomorrow at 2pm for 262 Wilson Street.  Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install.
can I help you with anything else today?
EMily can you please provide me with your cell phone number so I can look up your account?
I have pulled up your account and I see your last payment didnt go through.
For card  ending in 1235 if we can rebill today I can have your service up and running again shortly
OK I will process the payment now.
Your payment has gone through. Please power off your phone and power back on and you should be all set in the next 10 minutes.
have a great day
HI Josh let me pull up your account
OK I have a technician in your area is tomorrow. Will someone be available between 4-6pm tomorrow?
Great I can have a technician to your home tomorrow at 4pm
Josh youre confirmed for tomorrow at 4pm
Josh please update your application. to new version before next task. thanks
its running really slow in this end. we believe you need new version
I would be happy to help Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
Dani it appears your last payment was declined by your bank for card ending in 1235. In order to return service we need to rebill your account
Is this card ok to rebill?
or would you like to use another form of payment?
ok I will put payment through now.
ok your payment has gone through please power off your phone and power on again and you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day
Hi Dani Can I have your account number
Ok I have pulled up your order. Is this the white or the black shelving?
Is this the white or black?
ok I have a new white shelf ordered. It should arrive within next 3-5 business days
We are very sorry for the inconveinence. We would like to offer you a new book to fill your new shelf. Whatbook would you like?
yes Maam. Which book in the series would you like?
OK I have included Harry Potter Book 6. It may be shipped separately from the shelf but will arrive shortly. Again sorry for your troubles. enjoy your book!
have a great day
ok can I have your account or order number please?
ok let me pull up your order
ok is this the white shelf? or black shelf?
ok I have a new black shelf ordered for you it should arrive within next 3-5 business days.
for your troubles we would like to give you a new book to fill your shelf? Who is your favorite author?
and what title would you like?
We can have the Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy title shipped within next 3-5 business days. Again sorry for your troubles. Enjoy your book!
ok great what is the account number so I can update your account
ok I will terminate at old address. What is the new address you would like service?
ok I have a technician available tomorrow at noon. Will there be someone available to receive him? Installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
ok grat I have you all set for tomorrow at noon for new installation. Please allow 1-2 hours for the install. Enjoy your cable!
have a great day
Hi Josh what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account
ok I have your account pulled up it appears your last payment didnt go through for card ending in 1235.
Are the funds available at this time to rebill this card or would you like to use another form of payment?
ok I will re-bill your card now.
ok your payment has been processed. please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within next 10 minutes.
have a great day!
ok what is your reservation code so I can pull up your flight?
yes I see that flight was cancelled.
I have another flight departing at 5pm this evening or 7am tomorrow morning non stop
would you like 5pm or 7am tomorrow flight? I would be happy to book it for you free of charge
ok I have you on FLight 1236 non stop to Houston departing at 5pm. You will receive your new tickets via email shortly.
what is the cell phone number Peter so I can pull up your account?
ok I have pulled up your account and your last payment of $55.50 did not go through on card ending 1235
Are the funds available for re-billing this card or would you like to use another source of payment?
ok I will process your payment now Peter.
ok your payment has been processed Peter please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within 10 minutes
have a great day!
HI Emily what is the flight number?
ok i have pulle dup the flight and yes I was cancelled due to weather.
I have 2 other available flights one leaves today at 5pm and the other at 7pm. Which do you prefer?
ok EMily I have you on flight 3457 departing at 7pm non stop to NYC. There is no additional charges. You will be receiving confirmation via email shortly.
have a great flight
Hi Josh sorry to hear that what is the order number so I can pull it up?
ok I see your 4 tier shelf unit. Is this a white or black unit?
ok I can have the new black shelf out to you in 3-5 business days.
sorry for  your troubles we would like to offer yo ua new book for your shelf! What is your book of choice?
ok great I will have that book sent out it may come in separate package. enjoy your book!
have a great day
ok what is your account number so I can pull up your acount?
ok and the new address you need service to update our accounts
I have a technician available thursday at noon. will there be someone available to receive the technican?
ok grat I have an appointment set up for you on thruday at noon please allow 1-2 hours for the installation
oh no! What is the order number so I can pull up your account Peter.
ok so that is the black shelf for the unit. I can have it out to you in 3-5 business days.
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new shelf. what title would you like?
Sure thing we can send that along with your free delivery
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Hi Josh I see many flight delays in your area. can I have your reservation number please?
ok yes I see that flight was cancelled. I have another flight leaving at 5pm non stop to San Diego that I can put you on.
ok I am sending your new flight plans via email to you now. Have a safe flight!
sorry to hear that. what is the cellular phone number?
I pulled up your account and your card ending 3499 was declined. if funds are avilable now we can re-bill your card and get you sorted.
ok I will re-bill your card now. one minute please
ok your payment haas gone through please power off and power on your phone again and your service should be restored within the next 10 minutes
oh boy sorry to hear that. what is her reservation number?
yes I see that flight was actually cancelled for weather. we have a new flight departing at 7pm this evening that I can put you on.
ok I have you booked on the 7pm flight to Houston. You will be receiving your confirmation via email shortly. There are no additional charges for this flight change. Sorry for your troubles.
have a safe flight!
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
Thank you, standby while pull up your order details.
Ok I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookshelf? Is this correct?
Ok, no problem. Let me order the extra shelf for you. Stanby
OK your shelf is ordered and will be delivered in two days
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a great day.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
Peter? Are you still there?
Great, thank you, I see this flight was also canceled due to bad weather. Let me booked you a new flight free of charge. I have two flights, one at 3pm and the other at 10pm, which would you prefer?
OK, standby when I book the flight and have the ticket emailed to you.
Ok your tickets are booked. Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Great have a good day.
Hi Patricia can you please provide me with your order number so I can lookup your account?
what is your phone number i will look up that way
ok I have pulled up your order. which color is your unit black or white?
ok I have white replacement shelves in stock . i can have it to you in 3-5 business days.
We are sorry for your troubles, we would like to gift you a book to adorn your new shelf. What title would you like to receive?
Since you are unsure I am gifting you an Amazon Gift card for $10 for a book of your choice at a future date. You will receive the gift card via email shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Hi Patricia. what is the phone number associated iwth your account
ok I have pulled up your account. what is the address for the new service?
OK i have checked and the earliest appointment I have is on Thursday at 1pm for new installation. Will there be someone home to receive the technician? Installation takes approximately 1-2 hours
Ok I hvae you confirmed for Thursday at 1pm for new install at 4721 Hickory Lane. Enjoy your new service!
what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account..
ok it looks like your last payment didnt go thru on card #3478
If the funds are avilable now I can rebill the card or you can use another form of payment.
ok I have rebilled your card ending in 3478 on file and payment was successful. Please power off your phone and power back on to reset. Service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes.
have a great day
ok what is phone number on the account?
ok I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you would like the service installed?
I have a technician in that area available on Wednesday for a new install between 12noon and 2 pm. Will there be someone available to receive the technician?
ok I have you set for Wednesday at noon. Installation takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your new cable service!
ok what is your phone number
ok what is the new address you would like service moved to ?
ok the earliest available appointment for new install I have is wednesday at 2pm-4pm. Installation takes approx 1-2 hours. Will there be someone there to receive the techniciain?
ok great I have you all set for Wed at 2pm for a new install. Enjoy your new cable!
what is the reservation #?
ok what is email used to place the reservation?
sure, what is the date of birth of the passenger and their last name?
ok Ms Southern I have an available flight tonight at 6pm. WIll that work?
ok I have you booked on next flight departing at 6pm non stop to Houston. I will be sending your new flight confirmation via email shortly. Safe Travels!
what is your cellular number sir?
ok I have pulled up your account and it seems that your card ending in 6789 was declined.
we can rebill that card if funds are available or you can choose another form of payment to restore service
ok I have rebilled your card and the payment went through. Please power off and on your phone. service should be restored within 5- 10 miniutes
Hi Josh what is the phone number associated with your account?
ok it looks like your card ending in #4578 was declined for last payment.
IN order to resume service we can rebill account or you can choose another form of payment
this happens sometimes with bank holidays. I will rebill now.
ok your payment was successful. pleas power off and power on your phone to reset. service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes
have a great day!
what is the order number or phone number on the account?
let me pull up your account
ok that is the 5 shelf bookcase. Is it the black or white color model?
ok I have that replacement part in stock I can have it sent to you within the next 3-5 business days
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new book shelf. what title would you like?
Sure thing. It will come in a separate package and will arrive within 3-5 business days. Again we apologize for the missing part and will have the replacement out asap. have a great day!
oh no! what is the order number and i will see what I can do
ok I see you ordered a 5 shelf bookcase. Is your unit black or white?
ok I have that in stock and can have it out to you in 2-4 business days. sorry for your troubles.
Hi Nancy what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok and what is the new address you want service in?
ok I have a technician in the area tomorrow at noon will there be someone home to receive him?
ok great so I have you set for tomorrow at noon for new install at 4216 traction street. the install takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your cable service!
oh boy. what is the flight number and I will see what i can do.
yes I am showing that flight was cancelled due to weather. I have two options. I have a flight departing at 5pm today with a stop in Detroit OR I have a flight leaving at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston. Which do you prefer?
ok I have you booked on the 5 pm flight with a stop in Detroit. I will email your new travel itinerary to the email on your account. Enjoy the rest of your day at the resort and safe travels!
have a great day!
sur ethig what is the phone number associated withthe account?
ok and what is the NEW addres you would like service to?
I have a technician in the area on wednesday between 2-4pm will there be someone home to receive the tech?
ok I have you all set for wednesday at 2pm  installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
enjoy your new service!
sorry your are having troubles. what is cell phone number on the account?
yes I have pulled up your account and it appears that your card ending in 5678 was declined for payment
in order to restore service we can rebill the card or you can provide another source of payment?
ok please provide the new card number...
and the three digit security code on reaer of card?
ok one moment while i process payment
your payment was successful please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
same to you!
oh no! that's terrible. what is your reservation # and I will see what i can do...
ok I am showing alot of flights cancelled in that area. the next available flight is at 7pm with a stop in Detroit or another flight tomorrow morning at 6am non stop to Houston.
ok I have you booked on the 6am nonstop to houston. I will email your new flight itinerary now. Enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
have a great day!
Hi Kevin...sorry you are having trouble with your phone. what is the cell number on your account?>
i see the problem. your card ending in 4578 was declined for the last payment. we can rebill the card if funds are available or you can provide another source of payment to restore service
ok I have run your card again and the payment was succeessful. Please power off and power back on your phone to reset. Service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
have a great day Kevin
HI Nancy. Lets look up the order. what is the order number and I will see what we can do
it looks like you ordered a 5 tier shelf. is your unit white or black?
ok I have white shelves in stock i can get it out to you today and should arrive in 2-4 business days.
We are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new bookshelf? What title would you like to receive?
NO i will send the replacement shelf and your new book out today. they will come in separate packages but should arrive within 2-4 business days
have a great day Nancy
oh no sorry to hear that Nancy. what was your reservation # so I can look it up for you
I am showing the flight was cancelled so no worries we can reschedule you on the next available flight
I have a flight dparting at 7pm tonight with a stop in detroit or a nonstop to houston tomorrow morning at 7am...which do you prefer?
ok I have you on the 7am nonstop to houston tomorrow morning. I will be sending your new flight itinerary to your email now. Since the flight was cancelled there is no fee asscoiated with this change. is there anything else I can help you with today?
enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
Hi Kevin. Im sorry you are having troubles. what is the order number and let me see what I can do to help
ok that is the 5 tier book shelf. and is your unit the black or the white color?
is it white or black?
ok I have black shelves in stock I can send it out today and it will arrive in 2-4 business day
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has casused i would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new bookshelf. What title would you like?
Wonderful choice! I will send that out today as well and will arrive in different package but should arrive within 2-4 business days as well
Again sorry for the trouble and enjoy your reading of 50 shades of grey!
sorry that has happened what is your flgiht number so I can look  up your flight?
yes I am showing all figiht out that airport have been cancelled. the next flight out will be tomorrow morning at 7am but it is a nonstop flight to houston.
ok I have you booked on the 7am flght to houston. I will be emailing you the new itinerary shortly. Safe travels.
have a great day
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable. Have you checked all the connections to make sure the wires are secure?
ok please find the "Input" buttin on your remote and make sure the input is set to HDMI
ok great! Glad to hear it! Anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day!
oh no! Lets see what we can do to fix that. what is your telephone number?
ok josh i am not showing any outages in your area. so lets check all the wires going from wall to cable and then cable to tv and make sure they are all tight and secure.
ok now look at remote and find "Input" button. make sure it is set to hdmi
and is the tv guide appearing on screen?
ok go to next input on your tv that is hdmi and see if it is in another port
ok I am going to create a ticket for next level of tech support to give you a call back at this number 555-318-0888 they should be contacting you within the hour.
have a great day.
Hi Dannie what is the phone number associated with account?
ok and what is the new address you would like service provided?
I have a technician available in that area on Wednesday between 12-2pm will there we someone there to receive the technician for the installation?
Sure thing that is included with new installation. the technician will replace all the wiring. you are all set for wednesday at noon. installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
ok can you give me the phone number associated with the account let me look it up and see what we can do
ok yes I am showing it delivered on my end. let me give UPS a call and see if we can track the package more securely. We should have an answer within next 2 hours.
you will be receiving a call from us within next two hours. if we cannot locate the package we will file a claim and send a new one out tomorrow.
oh no! lets see what we can do. First what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok there doesnt appear to be any outages in your area. so let s trouble shoot a little bit and see if we can get you working again.
please check all the connects from wall to cable and then from cable box to tv please and make sure they are tight and secure
ok now locate the input on the remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI please
is the tv guide appearing on screen?
ok since all the connect s are good inside and there arent any outages. I am going to create a ticket for a tech to come out and check the signals. You should be notified by the tech dept within next two hours.
ok its definitely a problem and might be box itself. i escalated your ticket and i do have two techs out in your area and i put you on list for today so they should be contacting you within next two hours for a visit.
Its before 5pm so we are able to help same day. Thank you for using Acme Cable
ok lets look up your account and see if we can track it down. what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok i am showing it is a USPS delivery and the have until 8pm to deliver even though it says delivered it may still be out with a carrier. its currently 3:13pm so if package doesn't arrive by 8pm tonight. please call us back and we will file a claim and send a new one out overnight expresss
thanks enjoy rest of your day
sure first lets look up your account what is the cell phone number?
ok Peter I show you on a 3G 900 minute plan for $99 with 5 Gig of data. I can put you on a 4G plan unlimited for only $79 with same 5Gig of data. It seems you have been a loyal Acme customer for 4 years but no one ever updated your service. that could be the issue.
ok so since you are still under contract I am simply going to make the change and waive the $35 activation fee. you will see the credit prorated difference on your next bill.
thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
what is the phone number associate with account?
it seems your card ending in 1234 was declined for payment. to restore service i can rebill if funds are available ot you can provide another form of payment.
ok your payment on card 1234 has been successful so please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored in 5-10 muntes
ok lets look up your account what is the phone number asscoiated with your account
ok I am showing that its being delivered via USPS. they show it delivered but actually have until 8pm tongiht to deliver. it is currently 3:23pm. So even though it says it was delivered it still may be with carrier.
if you dont have a note on your door, it is probably still on truck. it is marked delivered when they give it to carrier unfortunately. So please allow them to deliver. if its not delivered i will file claim and have another shipped overnight express
ok it should arrive by tomorrow so sorry for the trouble.
have a great day
HI Josh why would you like to cancel your account today?
lets look at your account what is the cell phone number?
it appears you are on a 3G plan. there is 4 g service available in your area. this may be the source of your issues
i can upgrade you for free today to the 4 G plan and see how that works better with your phone.
ok great. your rate plan will not change in price. but i think this will solve your issues.
just power off and on your phone for me to reset it and you should be all set!
ok lets look and see your account and see what has been done what is the phone number on your account?
ok I am showing that the package was delivered but you didn't receive it. So at this point, I can file a claim and send a new modem out to you overnight express it should arrive tomorrow evening.
ok great thank you for being so patient and sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
hi what is the order number let me look and see if we have in stock
ok that is the 5 tier shelf. is your model white or black?
ok I have black in stock i can get that out to you today and should arriv ein 2-4 business days.
we apologize for this issue and would like to offer you a free book of your choice to adorn your bookshelf. What title would you like to be delivered?
Sure great choice. it will arrive in separate package but arrive in same 2-4 day  window.
have a great day!
sorry to hear no one got back to you let me look up your account and see what i can do. what is your phone number on the account?
ok i see your claim and i see that UPS states they delivered it but you never received the modem. Since they didnt capture a signature, they are responsible so we will be sedning a new modem out to you overnight express and will file a cliam against UPS.
you should receive new modem via Fedex tomorrow before 5 pm
sorry for the inconvenience have a great rest of your day
Hi Peter. sorry to hear you want to leave us lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
ok I pulled up your account. it seems you have recently changed plans and it was mid billing cycle and so additional charges were prorated. then it seems a auto payment was declined.
but your service is currently working right?
ok I am also looking at your account and you recently upgraded to an iphone 6 but for some reason you are still on a 3 G plan. that could be the source of your issues. I can upgraded you to unlimited calling 4G plan with 10 Gigs of data for $10 less per month. I believe the 4 G will sove your issues
there will be no charges associated with this change and no extension of your contract. this is just to put you on the right towers for your smartphone. I do need you to power your phone completely off then power back on to reset it.
you should see a 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when your phone reboots now
ok now try opening safari
ok if your browser is open it should be moving much faster now.
ok well I hoped this will resolve some of the issues you are having. the new rate will be applied to your next billing cycle and you  should see the reduction.
have a great day and thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
sure lets see what is available....what is the reservation number?
ok yes all flights whave been cancelled from that airport due to icing and snow. so the next flight is available at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston.
ok i have you booked non stop to Houston departing at 7am tomorrow. i will email you your new itinerary shortly.
Hi Kevin! oh boy lets see what we can do first let me bring up your account...what is the phone number on the account?
ok Kevin it seems like there are some scattered outages in your area. what is your zip code?
yes your area was affected. we have technicians working on it now. it should be resolved by 5pm tonight.
we are sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you so we would like to offer you a month free HBO. As you may know Game of thrones new season started yesterday and you can catch up on old seasons with HBO GO
is there anything else I can help you with today?
have a great day and enjoy your HBO!
ok let me see what is going on with that. what is the phone number on the account?
what is the phone number on the account?
ok it seems UPS states they delivered but the driver didnt capture a signature so we are going to open a claim against UPS and I will send you out a new modem overnight via fedex. it should arrive by 5pm tomorrow. I will email you the tracking information as soon as it is generated.
Im very sorry someone didnt follow up with you but i assure you it will be delivered via Fedex. if you have any issues you can call me directly ay 800 555 1212 x523 my name is Tonya.
ok lets see what we can do...what is the phone number on the account?
ok it shows delivered by USPS but it is only 409pm and they have until 8 pm to deliver. So if you didnt receive a signature notice on your door it still may be out with carrier
ok let me open a ticket with USPS. but they do have until 8pm to deliver. if not delivered by 8pm then I can file a cliaim and ship anew one out via fedex overnight.
ok I have a ticket open. please call after 8pm we are open until 11pm Eastern time. if you havent received your package i can escalate the ticket right away. my direct line is 800 555 1212 xt 567
have a great day
lets see! what is your phone number on the account?
yes I am showing outages in your area. can you just make sure all your connects from wall to box and box to tv are all tight and secure?
ok and find the input button on your remote and make sure it is set to HDMI please
Ok great!! is there anything else I can help you with today??
HI Peter I am sorry your cable isnt working lets see what we can do. first what is the phone number on the account
ok Peter i am showing there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting. please check and make sure both tv and cable box are plugged in and powered on and all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure
ah a simple fix. glad to hear its working. sometimes those wires come loose. can i help you with anything else today?
have a great day!
Hi Peter. lets pull up your account and make sure there arent any outages in your area what is the phone number on the account?
ok there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting and see if we can get you working
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
Awesome! Glad you are working again. is there anything lse I can help you with today
Hi EMily lets look and make sure there arent any outages. what is the phone number on the account?
ok it seems we have some outages in your area. what is your zip code?
ok its not in your grid but lets just make sure everything is working onside your home.
please make sure your box and tv are both plugged in and on.
also check the wire from wall to box and box to tv and make sure they are tight and secure
ok now find the input on your remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI
is the tv guide popping up?
ok click that input button again to any other hdmi ports just in case your cable is plugged into another port
ok I can open a ticket for you and have a technician come out tomorrow at 8am. willthere be someone home to receive the tech?
ok great i have opened a service call for you for tomorrow at 8am
have a great night
ok let me look up your account. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i am showing it was marked delivered by UPS but no signature was captured. we require signatures on all electronic deliveries. so i will open a ticket for a claim and send a new on e overnight express
you should get it tomorrow by 5 pm
ok let me pull up your account and see what what we can do
what is the phone number on account?
ok Kevin i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6. so those charges were prorated since you changed in middle of billing cycle
but i also see that they didnt change you from 3G to 4G service when you upgraded from yourGLide phone. SO that may be the source of your issues
yes i can. as a matter of fact the 4G iphone plan has more data and is $10 cheaper than your current plan.
ok I have made the change. but you need to reset your phone so please power phone completely off and restart. and you should see the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when it reboots
your welcome! have a great night and thank you for being a loyal ACME customer
Hey Peter, could you please provide me with your address details?
Thank you, standby while I look what is going on in the system
ok it seem according to the system your package was left at the front door, where it clearly was not suppose to.
What I will need to do is create a ticket which will be used for further investigating into this matter. A agent will contact you once we have the outcome of this investigation.
Ok the ticket has been created, a Agent should contact you within the next 24 hours.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear. Let me try and assist you. When did this problem begin?
Could you provide me with either your account number/ cellphone number or address details please?
Thank you Kevin. Let me pull up the information and see what is going on.
OK I have your details in front of me. Would it be ok if I authorize a reset from my side?
Normally this helps to resolve the problem.
Ok I have issued the reset request. You should see some flickering on your side. Let me know once you system has returned to normal.
Great:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, have a good day.
ok first what is the account phone number so i can pull it up
ok it seems we have some outages  in your area but lets make sure everything is how is how it should be
please make sure all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure and tv AND box are both plugged into outlet
ok find the input button on the remote and make sure tv is set to hdmi please
there you are!
ok please find the input button on remote and make sure that tv is on hdmi
is the tv guide popping up?
great! tv must be set to hdmi. probably hit button on remote by mistake.
have a great night
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our service.
I will be able to help you cancel your service. Please provide me with the primary account holders cellphone number
Thank you Josh. Let me just check what is going on in your account and give you the details regarding the cancelation procedures.
It seems you have still got 8 months on your iPhone contact. What we can do is waive the cancelation fee and only charge you for the remainder of the iPhone costs.
Is this acceptable?
The remainder totals to $120
Standby while I process the cancelation.
Ok your cancelation has been processed, you will be receiving information via the mail
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Again, I am sorry to see you go. But have a great day.
ok let me pull up your account and see if i can track it. what is your phone number associated with the account?
ok i am showing it is being sent via USPS and they have until 8 p to deliver
if it isnt delivered please call me back driectly and i will escalate a claim my direct number is 888 555 1212 xt 456
yes let me see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i am showing it is due to arrive by 8 pm tonight via USPS even though it says it was delivered they have until 8pm
yes i can file a claim after 8 pm its only 4:45pm so I cannot open a claim without allowing the full window for them to deliver.
ok let me pull up your account what is phone number associated with account?
ok I am showing it was delivered via UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so i am going to open a cliam and send a new modem out via FEDEX and you should receive by 5 pm tomorrow
I am sorry to hear that you are unhappy with our service.
Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number of the primary account holder?
Thank you, standby while  I pull up the account information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
I am sorry Peter, but that is the fee to cancel the contact. Taking into account how unhappy you are, could I convince you to stay with ACME if we provide you a 10% discount per month on your remaining bill?
Sorry Peter, but I believe that is the best I can currently do.
Great news:) Let me just authorize this discount.
OK it has been done. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
ok lets see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account so i can try and track the package?
ok i show it was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature so that is their fault
i am going to file a claim and send a new one out via FEDEX
ok it should arrive by 5 pm tomorrow
ok lets look up your account and see if i can track your package>? what is the phone number on the account?
ok i pulled up your account. it appears it is beign delivered by UPSPS. they have until 8 pm to deliver and it is currently 4:45pm
yes it may be still out with a carrier they mark it delivered when carrier takes it out post office
no problem if it doesnt arrive by 8pm please call me back direct we are open until 11pm at 888 555 1212 ext 567 and i will escalate the claim
ok lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6 and are on a 900 minute per month 3G plan
they should have upgraded you to a 4G plan for such a powerful smartphone.
i can upgrade you to an unlimited plan for $10 less per month and the 4G should solve the dropped call problem
ok there is no additional charges for the change and wont change you contract length at all. this should have been changed when you upgraded last month.
just power your phone completely off and back on to reset and you shoudl see the change right away with the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME on your iphone
great anything else i can help you with today?
thank you for being a loyal acme customer
ok lets look up you account and see whats happening
what is the phone number on the acount?
ok I am seeing the package was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so lets open a claim since they were supposed to get a signature and I will send a new one out reight away via fedex
no it is UPS fault there is no charge to you
ok so i opened a claim and new modem will be delivered by 5pm tomorrow via fedex
Hey Peter, Let me assist you with canceling your contract
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
Instead of making them reimburse you, what I can do is make a ticket saying you plan to transfer. Then when they contact us to transfer your number we will be able to streamline the process. How does that sound?
Great, let me get everything ready on our side, then when you transfer everything will be very smooth for you.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day.
Hey Emily, I will be able to assist you with canceling your cellphone contract. Please provide me with your cellphone number
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
Are these dropped calls occurring at a specific location or just in general?
Would you be interested in trying a cellular booster? This should help improve the reception at your house?
Great, I will place an order for it to delivered and setup at your house within the next 2 working days.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok so you never got the delivery and ups says they delivered but they didnt get a signature. so i am going to file a claim now and send another modem out via fedex overnight to you.
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok i pulled up your account and it was to be delivered via UPS and they didnt capture signature so its their fault. so i will open a claim now and send you a new one via fedex
im very sorry someone didnt get back to you but my direct line is 888 555 1212 ext 567. your modem should be delivered by 5 pm tomorrow
ok let me see hwat i can do to help. what is the phone number on the account?
yes i pulled up your order and it was supposed to arrive via UPS and they marked it delivered but didnt capture a signature.
ok so here is what we can do. i will escalate this and file a claim against them. its their fault for not getting signature and i am going to send a new one out via Fedex overnight to you
have a great night. if you have any further issues i can be reached direct at 8885551212 ext 567 my name is tonya
ok let me see how i can help. what is the cell phone number?
ok i see you are using a Galaxy 5 cell phone and recently upgreaded
it looks like your last phone was not a smart phone and they didnt swithch you from a 3G to a 4G plan. that could be the source of your issues
so I can switch you plan to the correct one now at now charge and actually the 4G plans are on special the month of APril unlimited calling and text with 5Gigs of data for $10 less per month than what you are paying now
i do belive you will se an improvement on the 4G network. please power off your phone completely and then restart and you will se the change right away and see 4G LTE symbol next to ACME
have a great day
Hi Emily. let me pull up your account and see what is happening
what is the phone number on the account?
what is the phone number on the account?
ok it looks like it was shipped via UPS and they didnt get a signature so they were supposed to on all electronics. i can file a claim and get a new one shipped out today via fedex and should arrive by 5pm tomorrow
ok let me pull up your account and see what is happening
what is the phone number associated witht the account?
ok i have pulled up your account and I see you called in 2 days ago about a missing modem package
we filied an inquiry and UPS failed to get a signature. so at this point we can file a claim and I will send you a new modem via Overnight Fedex
ok great you should have it by 5pm tomorrw and if you have any issues you can call me direct at 88855512121 ext 567
I am sorry, you seems to have joined after we shut down for the day. Please submit the hit, we will gladly accept the hit:)
Hey there.
Hi Emily . I will be happy to assist you with that
What is your new address?
Great , give me a second while I update our system with your new address
In the meantime, when would be a good time for your installation?
Great. I've updated your address. Let me see when is the next available appointment
How about tomorrow at 5pm?
Great ! The installation guy will arrive then . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good day!
Hi Emily, absolutely
Can you please verify your phone number?
Great , just a second as I look up your account number
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Should I retry the credit card you have on file?
Great, let me give that a try now
Great , that went through . Your is back in good standing , and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good one!
Hi Kevin , I will be happy to help you with this
Can you please verify your phone number?
Great , just a second as I look up your account
It looks like your last payment was declined
Should we just try and recharge the card on file?
Great, let me try that now
Great, that went through. Your is back in good standing, and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good one!
Great
Let me help you with that.  What is your name and your new address?
Great Patricia , please hold while I input that into the system
Great Patricia I added your address to the system.  When would be a good time to install the new system?
Tomorrow Morning would work great
Please provide an email address you can use for receipt of this transaction
Great I'll input that into the system and confirm that you are receiving your new internet installation tomorrow morning
Just one more moment so I can get your confirmation number
Here it is . Your confirmation number is 6987 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great thank you.  Consider this is resolved.
Hello William . Totally , I will help you with that
What is your new address?
Alright, give me a sec while I update your address
You said you need help with the installation: when will be a good day for us to come by?
Sure, we should have times available for Saturday. Just a moment
Alright, I've updated your address in our system.
Yup, it looks like we could come by at 2PM on Saturday. Does that work?
Great . We will arrive around 2PM . Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks William - have a good one!
Hello Emily, sorry to here that.  I can help you get this resolved
What is your account number
Great thank you.  Please give  me a second to update the system and pull up your account inforamtion.
I looked at your account and saw that the delivery man did deliver a package however I see where the issue is.  Please verify your full address.
Thats where the problem is.  The delivery man delivered your package to 21 Rodeo.  We will send a new package out in the morning to the correct address.
No problem . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
consider this resolved then.  Have a great day.
Hey, I'm sorry to hear that Peter. I'll definitely help you with that
To get started , can you please tell me the phone number on your account?
Great, thanks. Let me see what I can do here to help you out. One moment please
Absolutely. How long have you had problems for
Yeah, that's a long time to have issues. I'm sorry to hear that
Ok, here's what I can do. I can give you a retroactive discount of 20% for the past 6 months, for a total of $108. This could be applied towards your two upcoming bill payments.
How does that sound?
We are also in the process of rolling out network upgrades across the nation, and so you should be seeing service improvements in the coming months
Great, I've applied the discount towards your account - you should see it reflected on your upcoming two bills. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for sticking with us. Have a good day!
Hi Particia. Let me see what I can do
The fastest check would be for you to restart your modem. Can you try that please?
Ok, I will send a reset signal to your modem now. It will take about 30 seconds. Hang tight
Ok, does it work for you now?
Excelent ! I am very happy to hear that . anything else I can help you with today?
Great, have a good day Patricia.
Hi Patricia. I'm sorry, but we just closed for the day. Please check back tomorrow.
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Good day, I can surely assist you
May I please have your  new address
Can I please have your state
Thank you so much for the information
May I please have a second just to see if the address is serviceable?
I see the address is serviceable
I have updated the database with your new address. Will it possible that we can install on 4222015?
Thank you so much. Will there be somebody home at 09:00AM?
Thank you I have scheduled the installation. Is therre anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
Good day, I can certainly assist you with that. May I have your new street, apartment number as well as your Zip and state?
Thank you so much for the information. I have updated the system with your new address. Please give me a second to verify that the address is serviceable.
I see the address is serviceable. Will it suit you if we install on Thursday?
Will 09:00 AM suit you?
Thank you will there be somebody home?
Thank you, I have scheduled the installation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
I will ceratinly be able to assist you with that.
May I please have your cell number?
Sorry for the delay. I do see the last payment were unsuccesfull. Will it possible for me to re-bill the card?
Thank you. I have re-billed the card and the payment was successful.  Your service is reactivated, it will take between 5 and 10 minutes for you to use the system.
Is tehre any else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
Hello, I can certainly assist you with that.
Ca please have your cell number?
Thank you so much for the information. May I have a second just to look up your account?
Thank you for waiting. I see that the last payment were declined. Is it possible that I can re-bill that card now?
I have re-billed your account and the payment was succesfull, your service has been reactivated, it usually takes 5 - 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
May I ask ha ve a note been left at the door?
I'm so sorry to hear that. May I please have your address?
Thank you so much for hte information
I have verified the address, it corresponds to the address we have on our system. The notes state that the package was left at the door.
I will open ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated; we will be contact you when the investigation is complete.
The investigation process typically takes 24  hours and if have not heard from us within 24hour please contact backus again.
Anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service have a nice day
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
May I ask you if there was a note left at the door?
May I ask you to provide me the details of the note?
I am so sorry to hear that. Can I have your address please?
Thank you so much for that information.
I can confirm that the address is the same as we have on record. I wil open and investigating ticket for you. So that we can investigate the problem.
We will contact you within 24 hours. If you do not hear from us within the next 24 hours, will you be so kind and contact us again?
Thank you. Is there anything else I can assisit you with?
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
Thank you. Good Bye
Sorry for the wait, I can help you .
no problem. I can help
Sorry to hear that I can help you with that.
What is the flight number and the address of the flight you were supposed to take?
